# 朱利安《高频沟通》：3 引导冥想：3.1 放下社交焦虑_ev

So let's start by tuning in that little voice going on in between your ears。

That little voice going around in circles。That little voice trying to find the answers。

 trying to find the solutions。That little voice over thinking。Making things hard。

Coming up with excuses。Taking things way too seriously tune into it。

 and I want you to slowly start visualizing that voice moving down your spine。

Still going around in circles， but that's fine。Moving further and further down。

 getting more and more distance， moving all the way down until finally reaching the base of your spine。

And we're going to walk in that position。You're now thinking from there， breathing from there。

 your ears are down there， your nose is down there。

 you're out of your head and grounded at the base of your spine。

And we're going to do three grounding breathing cycles from this position， your nose is down there。

 tune into it and inhale for the count of six， now one。2，3，4。5，6。 hold for three。Exhale for six。2，3。

4，5，6。Hold for three again。And w normally。Getting out of your head， Getting into your body。

Becoming more aware。And let's get ready for a second cycle from the base of your spine。

 inhale now one。2，3，4，5，6。 hold for three。Exhale for 6。2，3，4，5，6。Hold for three again。

And Ruth normally。Taking up more space inside。Getting more in touch with that inner world。

And let's get ready for a third grounding breathing cycle for the count of6 inhale。 now， one。2。

 three， four， five， six， hold for three。Exhale for 6，2，3，4，5，6。 Hol for three again。And weally。

You're now out of your head， grounded at the base of your spine connected to what's going on inside。

And what I want you to do now is to shift your awareness。To the different sensations that surface。

Around saying hi to someone。Welcome the sensations。Seen someone you want to say hi to。

You want to walk up， introduce yourself， start a conversation。

What sensations surface around this situation？Saying hi to someone。Putting yourself out there。

Introducing yourself， starting a conversation， what comes up？And just welcome any and all sensations。

And is there perhaps？Any resistance around this？Any fear around this？What if they think I'm weird？

What if I go up and I say the wrong thing。I say something stupid， what if they think I'm stupid？

What if they think I'm try hard？What if they think I'm creepy？

What if they think I'm needy and low value？What if they mock me？What if you think I'm a loser。

 what if I'm awkward？What sensations surface？What if they don't like me？

What if I go up and they just ignore me， They ignore whatever I say。

 They ignore me introducing myself。 How embarrassing would that be。What if they shame me？

What sensations come up？Any fear or any resistance around putting yourself out there。

 introducingcing yourself to someone， saying hi to someone starting a conversation。

 What if their friends will judge me， What are other people going to think。😰。

Other people are staring。They're totally going to see。What if someone I know sees me？

What if I make a fool of myself？What if I get rejected？What if I get into a confrontation。

 what if someone comes up and says something to me， what if they get mad at me？Any fear。

 any resistance？Welcome the sensations。And what comes up when you hear me ask you。

 can't you let go of this。Can you let go of this right here right now？

Can you free yourself from this resistance and this fear。

And we're going to shift here to doing another cycle， but this time。On the inhale。

 letting these sensations take over。And on the exhale， letting it all go。Any sensations of fear。

 Any sensations of resistance， tune into them and inhale now，1，2，3，4，5，6， hold for3。Let it go。2，3，4。

5，6。 hold for three again。And breathe normally。And let's go even deeper here。

What are some of the defeating beliefs？And associated sensations that surface。

People aren't open to being talked to anyway。 What's the point。They don't want to be bothered。

I don't want to impose， who am I to impose， Why would they want to talk to me anyway？

What value do I have to offer anyway？They're probably talking about much more important things already。

Thinking about much more important things。I don't have enough value to offer。

They probably won't even give me a chance anyway。I'll probably say something dumb。

I have nothing good to say。Even if I do， they'll probably lose interest。 After a little while。

 they'll see through it。They're outside of my league。I'm not good looking enough。

Don't have enough money， don't have cool friends。Why would they even want to associate with me？

My life isn't where I want it to be right now， anyway。I'm simply not good enough for them。

Any sensations around this。Tune into them。And what comes up when you hear me ask you。

 can you let go of this right here， right now？And let's get ready for another cycle here。

 tune into it and inhale now， one， two， three， four， five， six， hold for three。Let it go2，3，4，5，6。

 Hol for three again。And breathe normally。And what are some of the excuses that come up？

Seeing someone you want to say hi to。I don't want to do it right now。I don't have time。

I'll do it later， I'll have time later， I'll do it tomorrow， I'll do it next week， not right now。

I'll just say hi to the next person。I'm just not in the mood。

I should probably do more releasing first。I'm not in a good enough state to say hi right now。

What comes up hearing this？I don't know what to say， I'm just a little too tired。

It's just not the right place， the right time， it's just， it's too much pressure I just， I I can't。

 I just can't。There's too many people around just not the right environment。

There'll probably be a better environment a better chance later。Either in a hurry。

I'll just waste my time， I'll just waste energy。Why wasted on something I know just probably won't work。

How they're talking to someone else， it's not ideal。I don't want to bother them。

 I don't want to ruin their vibe。I just need more experience。 I just need more time。 You know。

 I just， I don't want to be try hard and just make a mess of things。 So I'll do it later。

 I don't want to。 I can't。Any excuses？Welcome the sensations。

And let's get ready for a third cycle here。 Tu into them and inhale now，1，2，3，4，5，6， hold for3。😊。

Letticos2，3，4，5，6。Hold for three again。And breath， normally。And what I want you to do now。

Before we do our biggest breathing cycle yet is to repeat the following statements out loud after me and just welcome any and all sensations that surface。

If there's any resistance that surfaces。Tune into those sensations as you repeat these statements。

Repeat after me。I have value。I am good enough。It's okay to put myself out there。

It's okay to talk to people。Other people are on my side。The world is on my side。

I have nothing to fear。I am awesome。Other people are awesome。The world is awesome。And lastly。

 everything is awesome。Welcome the sensations。There's any resistance。

Any of those statements that triggered something within you tune into those sensations now。

 and let's get ready for the biggest cycle yet tune into it and inhale for six， one，2， three，4，5，6。

 big breath， hold for three。Let it all go。2，3，4，5，6。 hold for three again。And breathe normally。

And just take a moment to let things settle here。Let your shoulders relax。哎。Let your neck relax。

 let every muscle in your body just melt right now。Let your jaw relax。 Every muscle in your face。

 relax。And just see how light you can get。Feeling your body just melt。Getting lighter and lighter。

Getting so light， you can almost feel yourself floating up higher and higher。And even more。

And even more。Floating up beyond the body。 beyond the mind。Floating up into this space that comes。

Before everything。This space of peace。The space of perfection of abundance。

This space where all is good， all is well。Where you're exactly where you need to be。

 who you need to be。Where things are working for you。Where the world is on your side。

 People are on your side。 Everything is on your side。And this state。Of love。

And just take a moment to merge in this space right now， to become one with it。With every inhale。

 filling your body with light。Warth， strength and love。

AndJust take a moment to become one with this space right now。Take a few more breaths。

 merging with his space， even more。Feeling your body glowing with light。Filled with strength， warmth。

Connected to love， connected to abundance。Take a few more breaths。And having merged with his space。

I want you to take this with you and to slowly start bringing your awareness back into your body。

All the way back to the base of your spine where we first started。Feeling your nose down there。

 your ears down there。 And let's do one final grounding breathing cycle from this position。

From the base of your spine， tune into it and inhale for the count of six now， one。2，3，4，5，6。

Hold for three。Exhale for six。2，3。4，5，6。Hold for three again。And breath normally。

Bring some awareness into your feet， feeling the floor beneath you。Up your legs。

 feeling the chair beneath you。Into your stomach。Your chest。Your shoulders。

Out your arms into your hands and fingertips。Back into your neck。Your face。The top of your head。

Your entire body。And having merged with his space。Feeling your body glowing， feeling strengthened。

Feeling that warmth， that love。We're slowly going to get ready to come back to the present moment on the count of five。

One， feel the floor beneath your feet。2。Feel the chair beneath you。3， your entire body。

 feeling every part of your body just glowing。Feeling alive。 Feeling great。Four。

 with your eyes closed still shift your awareness to the environment around you sitting here listening to my voice。

Getting ready to come back to the present moment， the right here right now。Feeling great。

Feeling at ease。Feeling social。Ready to connect。 Ready to put yourself out there。

 Ready to start a conversation right now。And open your eyes on count of five。

