# 朱利安《高频沟通》：2 情感技能：2.4 社会化基础

In terms of the why。A lot of it comes down to social conditioning。And you hear this term， right O。

 our condition left and right O， interesting， you know， we have media mainstream。 Yes。

 we are condition left and right。But the three most important things。

To take from and learn when it comes to social conditioning is realizing this。Number one。

When you come into this world， you come into a society。We are a society。And in this society。

 there are certain traditions， rules， and guidelines， that's the first thing to understand。

You're born， you're not in the wilderness， you're not alone， you're in this thing called society。

And if you want to function in this world， you're going to have to learn the rules。

 you're going to have to learn the guidelines。Is it good that there are rules and guidelines。

 yes or no？Yes， otherwise， itd be chaos。 It'd be terrible。 So it is very good。Number two。As a child。

 you have a very limited perception。In terms of how you see the world。

And you depend on whoever is raising you for survival。So number one。

 there's a society with guidelines。 Number two， as a kid， you don't see the world as it is。

 Your perception of things is very limited， and you depend on a parent。Primary caretaker。

 whoever is raising you for survival， because you can't survive on your own。

And the third thing is the way that you are taught， these guidelines， these rules， these traditions。

Is through reward and punishment。Oh， you obey the rule， right that's how you're taught。

 it's like here are the rules。You're a kid。 It's like， you want to function。 You better learn them。

 You do well， you'll reward it。 Good boy， good girl。Oh， you didn't do well。 Ba， bad kid， naughty。

Punishment reward。Take these three things。Blend them all together。What does it lead to？

A lot of trauma， a lot of suppressing， a lot of repressing。

