# 朱利安《高频沟通》：8 钻石：1、社交焦虑大师班：10.独自出门时

When going out alone。Few things number one， own it。Okay， you might go out alone and start thinking。

 oh， people are going to see that I'm alone。What are they going to think， does it look low value。

 et cetera， et cetera， now just own it your reality， your rules。

 what this means is that in your mind too going out alone is the shit。

If someone even comes up to it' like， hey， are you here alone。

 you should be able to easily answer yep。And just own it。

You shouldn't have to qualify yourself or explain like， oh yes， I'm alone。

 but it's because you know no one could go out or I was going to meet a friend or' meeting a friend later。

 but its like no no， just own it are you here alone yep。Do you go out alone yeah？On it。Number two。

No phone time this is really one of the biggest you could say things that willll get in the way and say you're like okay。

 I'm going out alone， let's do this you go out and immediately there's that pull to。

Reach for your phone， right It's like， okay， I'm out。No phone。Okay。

 being on the phone in your mind allows you to not talk to people。

And feel okay just standing there alone what you'll notice is if there's no phone time oh you're you're out alone great。

 you're just standing like this。You can't run and hide in your phone。Maybe people will stare a bit。

I'll better go jump in and say hi that are you just going to stand there in silence？

Staring at people in the environment。The no phone time really forces action to come into play so jump in。

 start talking to people and then lastly here。Talk to everyone。

Talk to everyone they'll be like oh we really looking forward to start talking to everyone right really take that mindset too that a whole every time you go out the entirety of that time out is a whole big interaction okay that also eliminates the plus one minus one plus one minus one talk to everyone and you always find that in every single venue there's always one person okay there's key there's always one person who is super open to talking to whoever。

There's always one right， it might be if you go to a bar， it might be like the。

The regular drunk at the ball， hey， that person， terrible willing even talk to anyone。

So put yourself out there， no phone and when you find that person who's just like。

Down to talk to anyone great you can talk to them for a bit。

 you can even make that your home base or now you're talking to other people but then in between if there's sometimes you're like oh I just don't want to stand here doing nothing you can go back to that person and then it also applies to just you doing well the first person you talk to could be going really well you can make that your home base so talk to everyone bounce around a bit own it no phone time on top of everything that we've covered here。

