# 朱利安《高频沟通》：8 钻石：1、社交焦虑大师班：1.社交焦虑大师课介绍_ev

Welcome to the social anxiety masterclass Okay， social anxiety and the reason I made this masterclass the first one。

 there's social anxiety， neediness and charisma is because this really is the number one barrier to taking action right you're probably have that in the back of your mind you're going through this course you're like oh the content greats and then it reaches that point where okay。

 you have all the content you have the information go out and apply it and then people freeze Okay and they'll either freeze and just stay stuck or they'll try to rationalize themselves like oh it's not that bad I just need more content and they'll start doing more and more passes on the videos or taking down more and more notes I just need to to really work on my notes more I remember I did this back in the day right I would watch say a course on socializing。

And I'd be way too scared to apply it so I'd take all these notes and then I'd keep perfecting my notes and then I'd have my written notes i'm like you know what let me actually create a file like a word file on my computer organize it nicely in there oh let me do different sections and I would do anything and everything to avoid taking action Okay however as you know content alone isn't enough if it isn't coupled with action。

哎。You're not going to be reaping the massive rewards okay I've even seen it， by the way。

 where as you know inner work is crucial to your success。

 but people will sometimes also tend to gravitate towards inner work out of fear they're like oh to improve you know my communication skills all I have to do is just sit in my room and meditate sign me up oh I can avoid taking a ton of action I can avoid putting myself perhaps in some scary situations and I've just got to meditate here we go。

Okay so that is also a trap to fall that people fall into okay of course the inner work is crucial。

 but it's always one foot in each one foot in the inner one foot in the outer okay。

 so this year first thing to address so you have the content you have the system。

 let's now work on any kind of fear or anxiety around taking action on this system。

Now there is no magic pill。I'd like to know I wish there were just to get your expectations set here and to get your head based in reality there is no little quick tip that's going to solve social anxiety for you and I remember this was a trap I fell into back in the day where I thought that the reason I still had social anxiety is I didn't hear the right piece of advice that was the belief I had and again this leads to you just going down this content rabbit hole just thinking that maybe you're going to hear this one line or read this one little paragraph that' just going to poof eliminate social anxiety and that's not how it works the way to eliminate this we'll take time we'll take practice if a little piece of text solved it everyone would be solved right that there wouldn't be any social anxiety around so you got to accept that this is going to take time and it's going to take work okay it's something you really chip away at stop looking for that magic pill。

And also realize that you will never fully get rid of it completely。This is big。

People are like I just never want to experience it again and we're going to be talking about this。

 but that is not the goal you do still want to experience social anxiety just as any emotion right people want to get rid of fear they want to get rid of anger but every emotion is there for a reason and serves a purpose okay it's part of your emotional guidance system and。

Hey if you don't feel that that's a whole other issue individualistic conditioning versus collectivist conditioning okay these are if you want to go really deep in terms of how we are conditioned the two you could say major themes or types of conditioning okay individualistic is really the you could say puts the individual above the collective and the conditioning there is all about ego enhancement through for example。

 moving up in status making more money getting more validation it's all about me me me okay that's really the level of you could say desire and neediness okay all that neediness like go get yours you are better Yes don't you want this right and all thatmo I just want I crave I need that desperation that there comes from the more individualistic conditioning side of things and that is addressed in the neediness masterclass the one we're gonna be really focusing on here is the more。

Electivist conditioning and the conditioning here isn't around desire， it's around fear Okay。

 and you'll see， by the way， in society there'll be this。You know， not to。Ver off topic too far。

 but you'll see this pendulum swing where it'll go from more individualistic to collectivist individualistic collectivist okay individualistic is what we are coming out of right now that was like the past say 10 15 20 years。

It's all about you know getting yours it's about the individual it's about rising up it's about say taking responsibility so on and so forth now it's shifted more towards collectivist where it's collective above the individual。

And this whole like rise up get yours need desire isn't at the forefront anymore instead it's fear right and this is where you'll see things like don't stand out。

 don't rise up。If you do you'll you'll get purged right it's like that's really like that that fear and anxiety conditioning and that's what we're going to be focusing on here okay so there are those two sides and I wanted to mention this you can go a lot deeper on this but for this master class。

Collectiveist conditioning。