# 朱利安《高频沟通》：8 钻石：1、社交焦虑大师班：9.四个咒语

This here is also on the external side， Okay， so this shouldn't be and this is key with all the external。

 this shouldn't be your foundation。That's letting go it's inner work。

 but you can sprinkle this in here and there。Okay， as long as it's not the foundation。

 for unfortunately for most people， all the external stuff is the foundation。

 they need that and they get occasional glimpses of just being in the zone without that。

You want to be in the zone without that and then occasionally sprinkle in the external Okay。

 so these here are。For mantras， okay， you can remind yourself of these while out crucial。

The first one is there's nothing to win， nothing to lose this takes so much pressure off of you in terms of the outcome right remember it's like people play those stacking aims like plus one minus one plus one minus one plus one it's like I'm going to try to find myself into what people think of me right I am what people think of me I am how well I do I no't know。

Nothing to win， nothing to lose。Whether an interaction goes well， according to plan。

 whether it doesn't go according to plan。Nothing will enhance me as a person。

 nothing will diminish me as a person。Remind yourself of that truth。Okay， with these， by the way。

I went out for a good couple years reminding myself of these every single time I went out。Okay。

 again， much more on the external side， but hey， it helped。Nothing， first thing I said。

 nothing to win nothing to lose。You can catch all those thoughts trying to find yourself in the reactions from there。

 the more I do， the less the environment does to me。You walk into a certain environment。

Either the environment overwhelms you。Or are you overwhelmedhel？Okay。

 and this is why you heard me say in the course here， be at the cause， not the effect。

This also applies when it comes to the environment。You're either generating your reality。

Or the environment is doing it for you。How to prevent this， simply by being at the cause more。

 by generating more by taking more action。Now this doesn't mean， for example。

 people misinterpret this and they're like I must always be talking to someone right you'll hear that like minimize your time in between interactions。

What you can do if you like for me I don't really do that it's another external tool that does work。

 but it doesn't get to the cause it's not also the result you want right if you want to be this person who goes out and every time it's out of fear and stress like I got to minimize time in between the interactions no however。

Why does that work because you're always generating？The key， though。

 is you can have long breaks between interactions， but you better still be generating your party better still be going。

Because here's what happens for most people， it's like。As soon as you talk to someone you're doing。

 hey， hey， what's up， then as soon as the interaction ends。You stop doing。No， next person hi。

Stop doing every time you stop doing like that。Environment overwhelms okay， unless。

You have a really good， again， inner foundation。So how do you prevent that keep on doing and it doesn't have to be like I say hi to someone as soon as I'm done。

 I say hi to another person， it's like， oh， I say hi to someone that's done。

 what's the next thing I want to do？It could just be tapping your foot。Bop in your head。

 just that you're doing， you're generating。T to your friends。Just keep that motion going。Okay。

 some some other things here， it's no， you say no statue stance， that's what people do。

It's like they're just like a statue。They say hi as soon as they stop they're not moving no keep yourself moving and yeah the rule is like just always be tapping your foot right if you ever see me out i'm always either boing my head i'm just always in this nice flow and it's just very natural and it's not me doing it out of fear it's like just me doing to me it's like me generating my party and whether i'm talking to this person or not my party keeps on going。

So that's the second mantra。The third is don't force it， let it arise。This applies in terms of。How。

You do the more you do right so you could hear this like okay。

 I better be taking action and then like I said you're doing it out of fear no no no do it at your own congruent pace and also in terms of how you feel。

People are so out focused like I want to feel really energetic and loud off the stars let's go and they try to force no no no let it naturally arise remember it's not battling through it's relaxing into and then the last one here is the big focus isn't did I win plus one it's how's my party going how am I feeling and how can I make myself feel good？

是。That's the goal how can I make myself feel good that's where your focus should be and where you should get creative and really used。

Everything that's happening， everything that you're saying。

 everything that other people are saying to make yourself feel good and have that again through the loft of state transfers。

 other people are feeling good too and a key formula here of course is embrace exaggerate laugh。

 embrace， exaggerate laugh。 whatever happens， like even again， social anxiety。

 embrace it so you like over the resistance。Again， I'm feeling anxious， you can even exaggerate it。

 tell the person， hey nice to you， I'm really anxious right now。

Should have done more guided releases， exaggerate it to the point where you laugh at it and suddenly by laughing at it。

It has less hold over you as well okay this formula here is key。

 but these are the four mantras there's nothing to win nothing to lose the more I do the less the environment does to me don't force it let it arise。

 how can I make myself feel good how can I just like like amp my own vibe keep my party going。

