# 朱利安《高频沟通》：8 钻石：2、需求感大师班：10.6 如何辨识需求感

Ego equals efforts。Audits in your life， in your interactions。

Is there a lot of effort and is there a lot of heaviness if so that is a symptom of neediness okay。

 the more you need something， the more it really poisons your experience of that thing right going back to inspiration and desperation the best way to really illustrate this is comparing it to music right like as you know I've played guitar from the age8。

Composed since the age of 12 and the art of composing is really the best one to illustrate this right so when you compose。

And a little side tangent， I remember being 12 years old， I'm like。

 I want to start composing songs and I asked myselfm like， well how does one compose， you know。

 so you start kind of playing around and what happens is there are these glimpses of inspiration that just shoot through you。

 you're just kind of playing around and suddenly like something like some magic kicks in。

And who knows where it came from right you can't make yourself do it it's like falling asleep which just kind of sneaks up on you and the whole process then of composing is you have this raw material you can then play around with。

 you can polish， you can add to it's like okay well this where would it go and how would the chorus go and there's this whole process of composing and the entire time you're loving it and you're extremely excited from by how it will churn out？

However， and this is the key， it's a very effortless process。

Ideally you might go into phases where it'll feel effortless at times。

 then it gets heavy then it gets effortless then it gets heavy anytime it gets heavy it's when your ego kicked in and you became needy you became very outcome focused right so the ideal is you're composing you know it's going to turn out great but you're no rush to get there it's not like once the song is done only then can you celebrate you're just excited the entire time through。

Same here。When your ego kicks in， suddenly it's the composing side I just want to get this done with。

 it's like this heavy experience and all you're looking forward to is the outcome。

It's reaching that point when the song is done。Same here， are you enjoying your interactions？

Are you enjoying the process of socializing or are you rushing towards an outcome I will hate the interaction is this very heavy stressful thing where I need approval and I need all this to make it go well or else。

If so neediness and the same with life， the same with work， the same with everything。

 if there's a lot of effort， it's a sign that there is an outcome that you're very attached to that you need same with me delivering this content here lets you say I was very needy towards the outcome I want the video to look like this and end up like this then my experience delivering this content would be very heavy。

I remember the first time I actually did。A big， big crowd public speaking this was in Los Angeles I prepared it was a 30 minutes speech and I prepared 30 minutes of content and it was very meticulously just organized and broken down pretty much down to the ward it's like you're gonna say this you're gonna say this you're gonna say this is how my mind works and I remember going up on stage first 30 seconds like very heavy but like it was doing well and then I missed a point like I skipped over one and then all the selfattack kicked in the whole 30 minutes was be self-attack like you mess it all up it's all ruined now ceteratera's a very heavy experience because I was attached to that outcome。

If I went in on the opposite hand with an intention to crush it。With preparation。

 right I have certain bullets， but then as I'm doing it， I'm actually。Again。

 not desire but intention and just enjoying the process。

It would have actually crushed a lot more so audit and your interactions in your life。Efforts。

Heaviness equals neediness。Another audit here is are you in a hurry right the more you're in a hurry to get somewhere to accomplish something what is being in a hurry signal。

 it's a dissatisfaction with the right here right now now of course。You can you know。

 you can get pretty nuanced here and just to be clear yes。

 there are things there are things like deadlines right like when it comes to work where yeah you better be in a hurry don't misinterpret this be like never be in a hurry no there's an appropriate time right like hey。

 here's your deadline be in a hurry to finish by that。As an example。

But other than that in terms of your experience and your sense of self， if you are in a hurry。

 that is a signal that there's a deep dissatisfaction with where you are and who you are and the more you are in a hurry。

 the stronger that dissatisfaction will be。It's I'm not happy here， I'll be happy when。

Right if you take a part of yourself， you put it behind a wall。

 of course you're going to be in a hurry to get there。

 let's just get out of this muck and get to the finish line ASap。Sa with perhaps audit here。

 learning your social skills。I'm in a hurry to just get this handled。

 well that might mean that there's a relationship with neediness around learning this。

again you took a part of yourself， once I learned social skills， I will be whole。No。

 be whole now reclaim that and then still learn social skills and enjoy the process and by doing so。

All the action you take will feel a lot more effortless and this is what really keeps you going in the long term if it's just so heavy and so much effort you're not going to make it and it'll make it enjoyable and it will get you activating and just firing at your best。

Okay， so are you in a hurry， do not it for that。Where is the finish line？It's another good question。

 is the finish line in the future or have you passed it？The right answer is you've passed it。Okay。

 in terms of your self worth， you've passed the finish line， you cannot get any better。

 any more fulfilled as a person。You're already 10 out of  ten0， you're already whole。

 and from that foundation， go and still take action。But have you passed the finish line？Okay。

 are you the seller or the buyer？All right the seller， oh please， please buy me， please。

 please buy look at me value， value。利利。Okay， whoever is the most needy in the interaction will be the seller。

Huge， are you over investing？he's like， oh， anyone anyone is over investing are you grounded？

is what you're saying， what you're doing， is it out of reaction？Or is it out of choice？

I'm choosing act this way， I have control I'm grounded in who I am and how strong is your sense of self。

That's a big one， right going back to knowing who you are， what you value where you're going。

Those three pillars， who you are， what you value， where you're going。If you don't know that。

 of course， neediness will kick in because then you keep trying to find yourself externally。

Other people have the answer， please。you're trying to buy it into other people's frames it's like。

 oh I'm really needy towards trying to be like that person to value what they value to be like them to have what they have。

She says， no， this is me。I is what I want。If you don't have a strong sense of self。

 the most common form of neediness that will kick in is in the form of FOMO， the fear of missing out。

Right， we you have to accept in life is that。Everyone will miss out on things it's impossible to not miss out right by choosing one thing automatically missing out on another thing and vice versa right people you might look up to and like I just want to be like dumb。

Ohhy am I missing out on being like them， well guess what they're missing out on being like you。

 everyone's missing out on something。The key is， if you know who you are。

 give a strong sense of self with three pillars。You won't feel bad about missing out on the wrong things you only feel bad about missing out on everything if you don't know what it is that you want。

 what it is that you value。Again， otherwise。It will really take your head for a spin where here's an example。

 let's just say。We'll take lifestyle and business success right financial success is a classic example。

You might see on Instagram right you'll scroll through and you'll see these people doing these crazy lifestyle videos and reels rights like they're out in exotic islands。

 they're skydiving， they're all as crazy to scuba diviving， they're parties and you're like。

 I want that。Now let's just say you just found a way and just hustled it out。

 made connections and you were doing that。And let's just take the extreme example of that is someone who's just doing all those reels。

 but the behind the scenes is that they actually don't make that much money they're kind of struggling and they're just kind of going city to city or place to place just kind of scraping by and then you might see someone else who's just crushing it on the business end they don't go to the exotic spots but they have a very strong frame they're like oh yes I'm doing this I have my investments're like I want to be like that I'm missing out on all the business stuff so you accomplish the business thing you'll look back at the more adventurous thing I want the adventurous stuff if people get pulled in all these directions Fmo get some。

Right you're single， you want to be in a relationship。

 you get in a relationship missing out I'm been single now so you're just missing out missing out missing out missing out how to prevent that decide what you want and what you're okay missing out on if what you're missing out on isn't aligned with who you are what you value where you're going good that's what you want to miss out on。

Okay， so except that missing out is a part of life。The more fun will you experience。

The weaker your sense of self， again， byproduct of neediness。

