# 朱利安《高频沟通》：4 分析技能：4.7 重要框架

Some key frames。To be aware of is one。Collaborative or competitive。Collaborative or competitive。

Are you filtering reality through me verses？I better show that I'm good enough in press。

 assuming that people are not on your team unless you win them over。Or we're all on the same team。

You want to be collaborative， not competitive。Another big one is buyer versus seller。

Who cares more about this interaction。Who's reacting more for who is it a bigger deal？If this ended。

 who would be more， oh， what happened， Who's changing their behavior more。

You want to be in the buyer' seat。At all times， by the way， this comes down to knowing who you are。

 what you value， what you want。 And then when meeting people with connecting with people。

 you're looking for people you're meant to be with。

You're not going to people please are out trying to get as much validation as possible。Right。

 if you're trying to network for a business idea or like this idea。

 this type of verse I'm looking for。 And then you're talking to people and finding the people who be a match for that versus anyone like me。

You're the buyer。 You're choosing versus selling yourself。Do you like me。

 Please buy me the broken toy。 Bu it。 No， it's no， you're the buyer。Okay。Some other ones。

Everything is awesome。I'm awesome。Everyone is awesome。It's all a big joke。

Let's all be dorks together。Let's make it epic。If you just had that running in the back of your mind。

Socializing game changer these would be literally sayings that I would write on my arm right like just reminders of like underlying metaframes while out when interacting。

 this is what you should be assuming and whenever something is being said that isn't aligned with any of this。

Reframe it in the conversation so it is。And not always can be， again， sometimes it just won't mesh。

 but if there can be the mesh。This is really why you want to set as a macro frame in your interaction。

