# 朱利安《高频沟通》：8 钻石：3、魅力大师课：11.3 三个内在按钮

Going deeper on the inner side of charisma。You can think of it as there are three inner buttons within you that you can push at any time okay。

 this here， these three things fun carefree and passion is really you can say the three pillars of charisma and these will naturally shine through when you let go and get out of your own way Okay。

 charisma fun carefree passion however。On the more external approach you can also start getting in touch with these familiarizing yourself with these and as you'll see in the next section here learning how to push your own buttons right this is how you supercharge the inner side of charisma okay so let's break these down fun carefree passion right this down fun carefree passion。

 fun carefree passion， fun carefree passion okay this is what everyone is after this is what makes someone's vibe magnetic right every single person including yourself。

You want to have more fun。There's nothing more addicting than fun you see someone who's like oh fun fun。

 fun， fun fun I want to have more fun and you think that being around that person that will transfer onto you and you will have more fun。

Everyone wants to be more carefree right we're also uptight micromanaging what's going on inside oh everything's so serious life is serious。

 life's heavy， what do people think of me when we see someone who isn't burdened by all of that someone who is just lose carefree relaxed we want some of that too and we will naturally flock towards that vibe towards that energy so that it rubs off on us and through the law of state transference we hope to also feel a bit more relaxed。

And then the third one is passion， Okay， everyone is bored， as you know。

 very few people are excited about anything。And if you just see a little glimpse of oh passion passion people get drawn to it okay now on the flip side here too people can also get drawn to the more toxic side of passion。

 you might see this in the news where。You know different media outlets will use things like you know anger and outrage to trigger certain people and when those people get triggered they are very angry and outraged but in a very passionate way they turn that anger into their passion right you'll see this it's like this person had that thing and did you see this and the government in politics right and if that passion is very strong right it's like they're getting their hit there people can also start gravitating towards that because hey。

It's a quotemootes purpose in a way a toxic purpose because it's against something not for something but it is something that we are addicted to okay so we're always looking for fun carefree passion and if you're able to unleash that and generate that and even amplify that within yourself it does really make you charismatic and once more people will flock to you okay I see a comment here too why is authenticity charismatic why is that the foundation well overall right what is it that we createave even more than fun carefree passion？

Realness， authenticity， right we live in such a world where。Everyone is fake。

 everyone's putting on a certain front and when you see someone who is actually just being themselves it's like this breath of fresh air it's like oh thanks。

A bit of realness， whoa， and it has a ton of value。Right again。

You're surrounded with fake people everyone you talk to is fake everyone is also very agenda driven right it's as if let's just say you're think of it like this right say you're a millionaire and you're just surrounded with poor people right i've used this example for years you're surrounded with poor people and everyone wants your body you're the only millionaire。

And they're all coming up to you and they're talking to you and some people are say being nice。

 but you can just sense they're be nice because there's the agenda of getting the money some people are trying to be funny some people are even bringing you gifts if they're offering value but you can sense the attention some people are being mean some people are being closed off some people are trying to get you to chase so on and so forth but you always sense there's there's that fake behind it now what if suddenly another millionaire walked in。

Came up to you and there's no longer that same agenda that same front they're just being themselves like。

 oh yeah I'm good I'm a millionaire two， how's it going you'd be like。Yes， value。

Same here right take the whole money million outside once you're able to just unleash authenticity。

 it's immediately valuable it's extremely attractive because it's like oh realness a breath of fresh air through all the fakeness。

Okay， so this year， fun carefree passion。Start familiarizing yourself with this when you see someone who's very charismatic or someone you want to talk to or be drawn to or even say you're at a dinner party and there's always like the warm end of the table right where the the action is going down you'll always see these three pillars okay and this is something you must familiarize yourself with and learn how to generate。

And even amplify at will okay， and one， what I wrote down is the best way to also test。

And see if you have。That inner vibe of charisma down is to go up to someone and say hi to them without actually talking I wrote down the silent opener like you go up someone you're like。

And if they shake your hand and say hi to you and talk to you。You're good。If you do that。

 and you're just like。And they're not into it。Again。

 sometimes you could say they have things going and other factors play into it。

 but if it's like a common thing and people just don't say hi to you unless you say something。

 then it means that something is off in your vibe and there's a lot of inner work to be done okay that is a good way to test your vibe eliminate the doing eliminate the words。

 eliminate the actions just。And if your vibe isn't enough。Work to be done okay。

 and another key question here， what would sex with you be like and what does this mean？

If you were to meet you， the way you communicate。And you were to get a feel for the vibe that you're putting off。

Would you assume that sex with you would be？Amazing， would it be fun， would it be passionate。

 would it be odd just very carefree in the moment。Or not。

And if sex with you does not seem very appealing also work to be done in terms of the vibe right it's crazy when you see people work on their social skills and again they're just so serious and stiff and it's like hi right it's like what's sexs with them like it's like do you like that right versus a just like flowing fun carefree push on right what would sex with you be like those are two key audits。

To see if again， you got those three pillars down。