# 朱利安《高频沟通》：8 钻石：1、社交焦虑大师班：8.限制性信念

There's this assumption that people are against me and can't be trusted。

This is huge okay this really ties into the inner work where you want to dive into that and then sensations release。

 but that tends to be a lot of like one of those you could say core beliefs that sparks up a lot of anxiety right people are scary people are out to get me the world is scary。

I got to protect myself， I can't ever relax or else though they'll get me。

 I can't ever let my guard down I always better be on the safe side so on and so forth。

Like OviId okay， although yes right， there are some people out there。

 hey who might not have the best interest right who aren't necessarily the nicest people。

 it isn't the majority and it's not a belief that helps you。Okay， and this is key。

 don't necessarily ask yourself， is this 100% true， ask yourself， does this help me？

If it helps you and it's not 100% true。Take it on you got to weigh the pros and cons with okay。

 say neither are 100% true right everyone is trustworthy yay， that's not true。But simultaneously。

 everyone's scary and mean， that's not true either， 100% of the time。So if neither are 100% true。

 which one helps you？The most。Trusting。And again， you might think， oh， the protective one does。

You can take the same measures out of self love。Okay。

 another one is people won't accept me for who I am。

That is another core belief you want to let go of right you have to truly deep downside believe that people can like you for who you are you are good enough just by being you。

You don't have to compensate for it， you don't have to have all these other things like look。

 but I also have the money and I have this and this you like me， just you。Okay， by the way。

 for every single one here。You should be able to say you were sitting down and there was a lie detector test。

 you should be able to say the opposite of these statements and pass it you should be able to say。

People are on my side and can be trusted。Congruently without flinching。People are nice。

 people are friendly。I trust people， I trust the world。No flinging。People accept me for who I am。

 I'm good enough。If you're like people accept me for it and it feels like a lie。

Then work to be done right another one is people have better things to do。Yes， in some cases。

 that might be true， but here's the big one。And do not forget this。

The behind the scenes of the majority of people is simply that people are bored。People are so。

 so bored， people live really boring lives， they're really bored of their life。

They're bored with their job， they're bored with what they do， they're bored with their friends。

 they're bored with their hobbies， their activities， they're bored with themselves。

 they're bored with their thoughts， they're bored of everything everything' iss just a state of just boredom and just dirtp。

That's the majority of people。They're so bored right that's also why at this point and people are getting more and more bored。

 by the way， that's why you'll see like crazy。Online phenomenons like people love， for example。

 oh the outrage was just anything to make me feel less bored right where they're so bored like let's nitpick every little thing in society you but it's like so bored。

It's not that they have better things to do。Right there might be this small fluke situation where yes。

 but the majority of people they have nothing exciting going on in their life。

 they have nothing better to do that is just a lie that you bought into most people are just hoping like hey I hope something cool happens today。

I hope I meet someone cool today。Remind yourself of that， hey， that person you might be like well。

 they have better things to do why would they want to talk to me I don't know that person is bored as fuck。

Go inject some excitement into their life。Okay， another one is。The world revolves around me。

Nope okay， that's the very narcissistic side of things where you think that everyone is staring at you。

 you know， if you've seen the Truman show you think that your life is the Truman show right everyone cares about me they're watching me they're judging me they're thinking about me etc ceter cea it's the me movie what you don't realize is that everyone else is thinking the exact same thing everyone else is in。

Their own little world。Focusing on them。They're not paying that much attention to you。

You could do literally some of the craziest things people will forget or not even notice because they're so focused on themselves。

Okay， so all those little worries catch it hey the world doesn't revolve around you you're a background character to everyone else who you see out there you're not the main character。

Another one is I can avoid social pressure。That's a belief like， hey。

 I can take action and succeed and avoid social pressure。

 I can put myself out there and avoid social pressure， no you can't。No， you can't。

Social pressure comes with the territory。You want to put yourself out there you can't do that while avoiding people staring at you and judging you both in a positive and negative way you can't it comes of the territory right it's like saying I want ice cream but I don't want it cold okay we you want ice cream。

Well， I mean technically， I guess you bad example， but like it goes together， so accept this， hey。

Eyes are going to be on you， people are going to stare， people are going to judge。

Comes with the territory embrace it don't avoid it let go of this belief you can do it without it that's not based in reality that isn't true The next one is my interactions must be smooth。

I had people really attach like it has to be smooth and just click no， no， no， no， no， no， okay。

 sometimes that'll happen yes， but for the most part it's a bumpy landing and that's natural that's normal。

All right， it's like landing a plane it tends to be bumpy because hey。

 it's two different people right you don't know this person they don't know you。

 you don't know their value system。They don't know yours， it's two different realities colliding。

And bumpy doesn't mean bad， it just means that it might take a while to see okay， how do we click。

 okay， like that， okay， cool。Great。It's not just， oh。

 we just click like that smooth every single time。So if it isn't smooth， that's good， that's fine。

 keep rolling with it。Stop trying to， oh， it must be smooth or it's like I need to wait for the perfect opportunity to say hi to someone。

 the perfect opportunity to express myself the perfect opportunity for this or that's like no， no。

 no， no， no。Screw being smooth。Jump in， land the plane and then the last one here is everyone must like me。

 no， that's not normal， that's not natural， okay。You're not meant to get along with everyone and not everyone is meant to get along with you key quote。

 believe it's from the movie swingers。Never forget it。

 you are not meant to get along with everyone in this world。There are people， no matter what。

 you will not get along with。The same here， right we're on this call doing the masterclass if we were all to hang out say in a room。

You're hanging out with everyone here there are going to be some people you like more than others you're not going to like everyone equally some people you're going like more some people there's going to be a much more natural chemistry you're just going to get along with more and it doesn't mean that the people you get along with less you hate or that they're bad people there's just not that natural chemistry there。

Same in life。There's some people you can be doing everything right， they're doing everything right。

 it won't work simply due to the fact that hey， those are you're just two people who are not meant to get along。

And once more， it's not this people pleaser approach trying to get everyone to like you。

 it's let me put myself out there， be authentic and find the people I am meant to get along with。

Screw trying to make everyone like you。Put yourself out there and find those people who are meant to be with you。

 meant to like you， meant to connect with you， find your tribe。

