# 朱利安《高频沟通》：8 钻石：2、需求感大师班：10.3 自我价值与依赖

With self worth an attachment， okay， remember this graph， this is really how neediness works Okay。

 if you think of it， there's you here on one side right the little packman graph。And what we do。

 this is neediness， is instead of being whole。We create that split within and we ultimately take a part of ourselves and we place it behind a certain wall and then we chase it。

Let this land you take a part of yourself， so instead of being I'm whole， I'm complete。

 I'm good enough， you're like， you know what， I'm going to take this part of me。

And I'm going to put it behind a wall， a goal， a thing。

 and I'm going to chase that thing to get that part of me。So back to say the phone。

 I'm not good enough。Here the wall is the phone， once I get the phone。

 I get that part of self forth back。I am going to take a part of me and place it behind a wall of X amount of money once I make X amount of money。

 I get that part of me back and I am whole。I'm going to take a part of me and place it behind approval if I talk this person and they like me。

 I get that part of me back。I'm going to take this part of me and put it behind a relationship once I'm no longer single。

 I get this part of me back。That's what we do。So again。

 self imposed lack you take a part of you quick behind a wall and this wall could be a person。

 a thing， a goal， it could be anything and then you chase it right it's like let me be whole。

 let me be whole， I need it I need it， I need to overcome this to get that part of me。Terrible。

 toxic， low value。Instead。By doing the inner work， working on the emotional skills。

 you stop taking parts of yourself and placing them behind certain walls and you are whole。

 you are whole before and you are whole after and you can still go after that certain goal thing or person。

But it no longer enhances you and you no longer feel diminished before the fact。Okay， so。

I'm sure you might have experienced this， say you work on your social skills， you're like。

 I'm going to go out and I'm going to talk to a bunch of people and I'm going to practice what I learned here。

Great。But you might fall into this trap where instead of。I'm whole， I'm good enough。

 I'm going to go out and practice what you might do is。Okay， I got all this advice。

 let's put it to use， I'm going to take a part of me。

I'm going to put it behind a wall and that wall is called。Doing well during my timeout。

I'm going to go out and practice and if I practice well and the responses are well and I do well and I get give good reactions。

 then I'll have that part of me and I'll feel good and if I don't。

 and guess what you just now developed a needy relationship around going out and practicing this。

That's how it works anytime you take a part of you put it behind a certain wall neediness。

It's activated。So instead， the key is your whole before， your whole after。By all means， go practice。

 but that will not enhance you。Okay， it doesn't matter how much you have。

Does't matter how much you do？It'll never affect。The being。

Right your whole now by all means take action by all means if you feel inspired to achieve more。

 go achieve more， but don't think that it will ever， ever enhance you as a person。

 don't think that it will ever feel a void nothing out there。We'll fill something in here。

If there's generated lack within then that's an inside out job okay。

 but remember this graph this is neediness anytime you experience it it comes down to that it's you taking a part of yourself putting it behind a wall and then chasing it it's self imposeposed it's crazy and once you realize it you're like wait what right we always think no neediness is you know it's it's the external it's it's others it's like no it's you you're doing it。

You're doing it to yourself， no， but it's it's me finding something that was within me now you created that。

You created the lack and then you chase it it's like telling yourself you know what I I can't I don't think of a crazy example it's like telling yourself you for some reason like say right now you can clap your hands it's like saying I can't clap my hands now what。

And you just embark on all this stuff to clap your hands， it's like， no。

 realize that you just clap your hands， realize that your're whole， how letting go。

