# 朱利安《高频沟通》：3 引导冥想：3.2 放下需求感

So let's start by tuning into that little voice going on in between your ears。

That little voice going around in circles。Trying to find the answers。Going around and round。

 analyzing。Tune into it， and I want you to slowly start visualizing it， moving down your spine。

Still going around in circles， but that's fine。Getting more and more distant。Getting quieter。

And quieter。Moving all the way down until finally reaching the base of your spine。

And we're going to lock in that position。 You're now thinking from there， breathing from there。

 Your ears are down there。 Your nose is down there。

 You're out of your head and grounded at the base of your spine。

And we're going to do three grounding breathing cycles from this position。

From the base of your spine， tune into it and inhale for the count of six now one。2，3，4，5，6。

 hold for three。Exhale for six，2，3，4，5，6。Hold for three again。And breathe normally。

Getting out of your head， getting into your body。Taking up more space。Becoming more aware。

And let's get ready for a second grounding breathing cycle from the base of your spine。

 inhale now one。2，3，4，5，6， old for three。Exhale for six。2，3，4，5，6。Hlold for three again。

And breathe normally。Getting more in touch。Feeling more connected。

And let's get ready for a third grounding breathing cycle from the base of your spine。

 Your ears are down there。 Your nose is down there。 Inhale now 1，2，3，4，5，6， hold for three。😊。

Exhale for six。2，3，4，5，6。 Hol for three again。And breathe normally。You're out of your head。

 grounded at the base of your spine connected to what's going on inside。

And what I want you to do now is to shift your awareness。To the different sensations that come up。

Around approval。The need for approval。The need for validation。The need for recognition。

The need for acceptance。Welcome any and all sensations around this。Needing approval。Validation。

 recognition， needing to be seen。To being acknowledged。Welcome the sensations。

Is there any need or craving around this。I need people to like me。I need people to acknowledge me。

 to recognize just how good I am， to recognize how cool I am。I need people to approve of me。

To see this about me， to see me in this specific way。The need for approval。

Caring about what other people think。Seeking the attention of another person。

Welcoming in all sensations。And let's get ready for a first cycle here opening up to these sensations。

Letting them take over。Allowing yourself to experience them fully。

Any and all sensations around the need for approval， the need for validation。

 the need for acceptance， recognition。The need to be acknowledged。

Tune into those sensations now and inhale for the count of 6，1，2，3，4，5，6。 Hol for three。Let it go。2。

3，4，5，6。Hold for three again。And very normally。let's sink even deeper into this。How does this need。

 this craving， this desperation， how does this run you？How does this control you？

Needing the perfect topic， the perfect thing to say in order to impress someone。

I need to impress them。 I need them to like me。I need them to like what I'm saying。

 I must say the perfect thing。 I must say the most interesting thing or they won't approve of me。

The need to look a certain way。I need to look this way。 I need to look good。

 I need to look cool for approval， for validation。Welcome to sensations。

I need to have a good response for everything。I need to say something witty。

 something clever all the time， I need those good reactions。How does this control you。

 how does this run you？Always looking out for good reactions。

Perhaps selling out on your authenticity。Saying things you don't mean。

Doing things you wouldn't normally do for approval， for validation。

Presenting yourself in a certain way， dressinging in a certain way， acting in a certain way。

For recognition， for acceptance。And the heaviness that comes with this。The paranoia feeling stifled。

I can't act the wrong way。 I can't be the wrong thing。 I can't say the wrong thing。Or else。

I need to fit in。 I need to be accepted。How does this run you？

And let's get ready for a second cycle here。 Any and all sensations tune into them now and inhale for 6。

1，2，3，4，5，6， hold for three。😊，Let it go。2， three， four， five，6。Hold for three again。

And Ruth normally。And can you recall a recent situation where you really craved approval？

Were you really cared？What someone thought of you。Where you really needed them to think well of you。

Can you recall a recent situation where this controlled you and ran you？Welcome to sensations。

Can you recall another situation？A situation where neediness just took over。

A situation where you might have placed someone on a pedestal。

Where their approval just meant the world to you。Can you recall another situation？Can you recall。

Perhaps the first situation。The first time you really started caring。About what other people think。

 the first time you really started needing that approval。

And just open up to any and all sensations that surface。And let's get ready here for another cycle。

 Any and all sensations， tune into them now and inhale for 6，1。2，3，4，5，6。 hold for three。Let it go。2。

3，4，5，6。 Hol for three again。And breathe normal。是。And what comes up when you hear me ask you？

Do you feel complete right now in this moment。Is there any resistance？To feeling complete。And if so。

 just allow the sensations to surface。Do you feel good enough in this moment。Do you feel whole？

Or is there perhaps a part of you？Still grasping outside of yourself for more。

I'll feel good enough when I get this， when I have this， when this person approves。

 when this person likes me。Is there a part of you still reaching outside of yourself for completion？

A part of you that might still believe that something is missing within you。

How do you feel about yourself？What's the relationship like that you have with yourself？

Is there any resistance to being you。Needing more。Is there still the need for more。

The need for better。Just welcome the sensations。The need for approval。That force reaching outside。

And could you perhaps take a moment now。To give yourself some approval。

What if what you're after is not out there？What if it was always in here。

Could you give yourself some approval？Is there any part of you that is still disapproving of yourself？

Withholding that approval from you。And before we shift to doing our biggest breath yet。

I want you to repeat the following statements out loud after me and just。Notice the sensations。

 There's any resistance。That surfaces as you repeat these statements。Repeat after me。

There is nothing missing in me。I am good enough， as I am。I am whole， as I am。I am complete， as I am。

Nothing out there will ever enhance me。Nothing out there will ever diminish me。

I have everything I need。And lastly， I am everything I need。Just tune into the sensations。

There's any resistance that came up after repeating these statements。Any sensations left？

Tune into them。 And let's get ready for our biggest breath。 Yet。 Any and all sensations inhale for 6。

1。2， three， four， five， six， big breath。 hold for three。Let it all go。Two， three， four， five， six。

Hold for three again。And breathe normally。Just take a moment to let things settle here。

LetYour shoulders relax。Detach your tongue from the roof of your mouth。Like your jaw relax。

 like your neck relax。Let every muscle in your face， every muscle in your body just melt right now。啊。

AndJust see how relaxed you can get。See how light you can get。Letting go completely now。

Releasing any an all tension。Letting every part of your body just melt。

From the bottom of your feet to the top of your head。Getting so light。

 you can almost feel yourself floating up。Floing up。Beyond the body。Beyond the mind。

Beyond everything。Floating up into this space of peace。Of perfection。The space of wholeness。

Where all is good， all is well。Where you're exactly who you need to be， where you need to be。

The space of complete belonging。Where everything is just as it's supposed to be。

Just how it's meant to be。Where you are everything you are supposed to be。

And just take a moment to hang out in this space。Of perfection， of belonging。Of wholeness。

 and just merge with this space right now。With every inhale。Fillling your body with love。With light。

 with warmth， with strength。And just become one with his space right now。WithEvery inhale。

 just feeling your body。Just filled with love。With fulment。Just feeling so whole。Glowing。

Feeling so complete。Take a few more breaths， merging with this space， even more。

And having merged with his space completely。Having reconnected to this wholeness， this perfection。

I want you to take this with you and to slowly start bringing your awareness back into your body。

All the way back to the base of your spine， where we first started。

Your ears are down there once more。Your nose is down there。

And let's do one final grounding breathing cycle from this position。Grounding you back in the body。

From the base of your spine， your nose is down there。 Inhale for the count of 6。 now， one。2，3，4。Five。

 six， hold for three。Exhale for six。2，3，4，5，6。 Hol for three again。Andand breathe normally。

Feel the floor beneath your feet。Bringing your awareness up your legs。Feeling the chair beneath you。

Into your stomach。Your chest。Your shoulders。Out your arms into your hands and fingertips。

Back up into your neck。Your face。The top of your head。Your entire body。

Feeling every part of your body。Filled with love。Overflowing。With acceptance。Feeling so whole。

 so complete。Feeling just right。And we're slowly going to get ready to come back on the count of five。

1， feel the floor beneath your feet。2， the chair beneath you。3， your entire body， every part of it。F。

 with your eyes closed still shift your awareness to the environment around you sitting here listening to my voice。

Getting ready to come back to the present moment。The' right here right now and open your eyes on the count of five。

