# 朱利安《高频沟通》：8 钻石：2、需求感大师班：10.9 超越需求感

And then beyond neediness here， I wrote down life as a video game and this is really。

Whether you agree with this or not， how I view how things shift once you truly start processing a lot of this neediness and coming from that place of wholeness。

It's it's really as if life were a video game right where say right now you're playing a video game。

 there's the player and the character。The character in the game。

Can level up as the character levels up， learns new skills。

 it actually becomes a better enhanced character。You can actually enhance your character。

 you can go from level one to level 10 to level 20 to level 100。But as your character enhances。

Does it ever enhance you as a player？No。You're playing the video game。

 you're loving it and you have that intention to move forward and beat the missions and enhance your character。

 but it doesn't enhance you as a human。Same here。Life， right is is you as a human， you're worth。

 you already pass the finish line， you're good enough。You are， don't forget， you're the player。

But then you also have your avatar here and your avatar can level up and change。

 but it never affects your value。In terms of the being and that's thing it's like we're so used to just being living life from this first person perspective through the eyes of the character where everything's heavy right for the character it's a big deal of oh the character better win。

 better succeed， better enhance， better not mess up I need it I need to pass them the mission。

You need to learn how to zoom out to be like， hey。Yes I'm part character it's part of this thing called life playing this game called life but my essence right one foot in the player I'm good enough I'm whole I'm not trying to find myself in this video game I'm playing the game because it's meant to be played。

But I'm not using it as this way to enhance myself worth， what's the reason。

 why do you play the game out of inspiration just because just for the experience that is playing this game。

Okay and the next one here， the destination is meant to enhance the journey that's huge too where like I said it's still very important to have goals to have things to have an intention to move somewhere however the reason you have goals is for what it does to your experience going after those goals right so take a video game like GTA right or red dead redemption one of those more open world games。

You do all the missions， once you're done with the missions， you can still play the game。

 but you're kind of like roaming around。Now let's just say there's no more missions and you're just roaming around at the end of the game that might be fun at first so like I maybe go explore here。

 but then after a while it'll be pretty boring you're like， well where are the missions。

And that's where you now have to come up with your own missions。

 just for the fun of it I'm going to go do this， I'm going to do this and by coming up with missions it enhances your experience playing that game。

But notice how at that point it shifts away from oh I'm giving myself this mission to then behold to accomplish it。

 no it doesn't matter it's not about accomplishing it， it's that by having that direction。

 that thing you're moving towards it enhances the journey so in life with everything still have goals but it's not about achieving the goals and getting that little plus one it's that having that goal enhances your experience。

 living life and moving towards it。Okay， but really comparing it to video game is so key right it's the same as。

You know， someone else will people ask like， well， if you're good enough。

 like could you be a surgeon it's like no， but that's a skill。And you can always perfect it。

 but by perfecting that skill。Doesn't enhance yourself forth as a human。

Right by acquiring more money， more success， more resources right it's like building your house in the GtaA game or whatnot。

 does it make you a better human note？It's all for the experience。Okay。

 and that's really the big shift it's like you know you no longer do it to get to this destination。

 it's all about enhancing the right here right now neediness， it's always future not here。

No neediness is all about the right here right now and the best way to describe it and this is a。

Quotes from Michael Brown， I believe from the presence process。

 an amazing book he says it's really a state of continued ripening and I love this right。

Every day you wake up and it's like there's not that rush or hurry to be somewhere else。

 you're just loving you。And every day you're like。Wow。

 how could being me get any better than this how could I get just any more fulfilled or whole I don't think I can and every day you wake up surprised you just get riper and riper and riper without ever getting too ripe to the point where it turns into being run just continued ripening。

Till the day you die。