# 朱利安《高频沟通》：6 积累经验：6.2 分解经验

Although again， there is no such thing as a reference or you can't extract value from it。

There is such a fact where if you don't break down your references。Someone's unmuted who's a iPhone。

There is such a thing where if you don't take the time to break down your references。

 they do turn into empty references。This is huge。Every reference has value。

 but you have to extract the value if you don't。It won't necessarily have value for you。Okay。

 this is a practice。So remember this， if you're just going out you're taking action。

 you're taking action， you're taking action， we are not sitting down and thinking about the action you took。

You're not going to progress much。Breaking down your references is just as important as you going out and getting different references right just as important or you could say almost just as important right。

 let'd say almost I'd say 4951。Um because just by default 1% we're going to be interpreting them in the moment。

 but you'll be missing out on a ton， this is the same as people in the self help world， for example。

 who read a ton of books。This was really popular a few years ago。

 still is a been now but not as much where you read book after book after book and people rush to the next one right they finish a book。

 they put it down they immediately grab the next book and they're going at this reading book approach as a way to increase how they view themselves right they so forth it's like I read X amount of book speed reading yay。

But they never actually take the time to sit down after reading a book and ask themselves。

 what did I just read？Where does this apply to my life there's not that time for mental internalization and then physical internalization same here with your references if you go from reference reference you can be someone who takes a ton of action。

And I've seen people like that throughout the years right when it comes to social skills they take tons and tons of action。

 but they never stop， they never slow down， they never analyze what they're doing and what happens is you just become this person who takes tons of action but it's always the same action it's always the same results same action sure you take a ton but you will end up very limited。

You have to dedicate time and not just a little， but take this just as seriously as going out and getting references。

 sitting down and analyzing and breaking down your references。Okay。

 it's really this scientific approach， it's emotional skills letting go from their analytical skills。

 the world is my social lab。Any type of action is going to give me data。

There's no such thing as useless data。But it's not just about taking action and collecting that data。

 it's then about breaking down and extracting the value from that data and this leads us to point number two。

 break them down ASAP as soon as possible。As soon as possible。

 the reason being is you're going to keep gathering more and more。

 so just make it a practice as soon as possible and also why it's fresh in your mind。

And this is also why it's very important to， although yes。

 if you want to go say socialize and I don't know， you're at a bar club and you want to have a drink。

Do you but。Do remember that if you can't do remember that if you can't remember your references。

 they will go to waste and that's what happens with people who drink all the time when they go out。

 they don't actually remember what happened so they can never replay the situations and they can never extract the value from those references so those references really went to waste。

You want to remember every little detail about what happened， that's how you will grow。

 that's how you will improve your social skills on the connecting side。Okay， so。

Stay sober or sober enough that you remember and break them down as soon as possible while it's fresh in your mind。

Point number three。The more data you extract from each reference， the better。

Meaning don't just scratch the surface right say you're at a networking event you talk to someone you're like well that was cool you know we talked for two minutes and that was their business and that was my business and we exchanged some notes on you know entrepreneurship and okay cool。

Okay， that was just 15 seconds， 20 seconds。Go deeper。

Right people and do this all the time right for me I do this when I talk to people。

 I do this when I see other interactions。I do this when I even watch a TV show when I watch a movie when I go to events when I see someone say on YouTube for you here even watching me in this moment being very modest you should be getting data it's your references other people's references you're this this data collector and this is where you add the depth it's not just what you see at the surface oh this is what I said or didn't say it's what about the deeper layers。

Okay， four layers of communication， there's data in terms of breaking down every single layer。Okay。

So some questions ask yourself。Number one， what did I do right so you analyze a reference you're talking to someone what did I do。

 what didn't I do and then of course how did I feel this just out of basic。嗯。Level。

 but ask yourself that。Okay， what did I do， what did I not do。

 how did I feel and then of course why a lot of the things we say don't say do or don't do they're just autopilot they're just patterns so bringing your awareness to the why is going to be a game changer in terms of either letting go or changing those or understanding where they come from and learning more about yourself or learning more about others。

Number two。What did the other person or people do？What didn't they do？

How did they feel and of course， why？And then an overall audit here is how receptive were they？

How open were they， did you hook， did you not hook？What were they receptive to？All。

 what type of topics， what type of emotions， what type of humor jokes you name it。

 when did they really get hooked more than other times？What was their currency， okay。

 what were they receptive to will lead you into what do they value， what's their win。

 what's their goal， what's their overall currency。And then of course， what topics they respond to。

 what emotions did they respond to？This is a gray way okay and overall too。

 if you want to simplify the bare minimum is when you go out and say you're talking to a lot of people doesn't matter this setting。

 when you come back and you go through all this ask yourself these questions。

 but if you want a simple model you can ask yourself what were three interactions that stood out this is the bare minimum by the way。

 but just doing this will be better than nothing。Write down top three interactions that stood out it doesn't mean interactions that went well。

And just means reference experiences that come to mind top three right if all the others were erased you remember three。

 what would they be so you write them down okay I talked to this person and I network worked with that business person to it like write it all out then what were three lessons to gain from that。

Okay three lessons and for me I like that is a bare minimum and I like the fact there's a comment in the chat here it's like you write this down I like writing it down you don't have to obviously。

But the act of making it very。Just visual where you see it it makes it very real and it forces you to be precise。

 so writing it down is key。Okay， but this is something that I've done。Forever。

Right from my early beginnings I would write down reports when I'd go out and even since then guess what where do you think all the content and a lot of the videos that you might have seen or the content here where does it come from reference experiences？

A lot of my lessons that I'm learning， I'm just sharing them in videos。

This is very important it's not as flashy as the going out and getting references。

 but breaking them down equally as important one more here too with breaking them down。Why， why。

 why and what could you have done differently or if you were to be placed back in that situation。

 what would you do differently？Don't think that the answer will magically come to you you have to actually sit down and be specific about this right it's like hey now that you went through that reference if suddenly there was like a time rewind you're back there。

What would you say or do differently or not say or not do so that you would do better this time？

If you're like， I don't know， just wait for that a similar reference to surface， your skirt。

 you should know。Okay， so it's a lot of replaying that and then you want to go really deep it's like okay well'll save。

I was talking to someone and， you know， I put a little not enough pressure and I got boring and it just died down。

 great。Take the reference， analyze it， where did it die down， what could you have done differently？

And then ask yourself okay well why why would you do that instead。

 what exactly would you say and then play little games with yourself it's like learning chess it's like okay。

 well say you say。X，Y， Z， right， you do this differently。

What would be the possible responses you would give from that person if they say that then what would you say if they oh if they don't say that and they say this then what would you say and if they follow with that then what would you say it's like playing these trees of possibility and that's really deep in terms of advanced social skills is you've talk to so many people that you can predict a lot of these patterns and it's not about again like I predict I'm in control it just allows you to really channel and communicate authenticity on a much more potent level and connect with people on much deeper levels and that there unlocks so many doors and just opens so many possibilities in your life。

But it does come from doing this type of work。