# 朱利安《高频沟通》：8 钻石：2、需求感大师班：10.1 需求感大师课

The first thing here， okay， as you can see in the first bullet point。

 individualistic conditioning versus collectivist conditioning as we talked about in the social anxiety masterclass what we're focusing on here is more of the individualistic conditioning okay collectivists once more is a lot of fear。

 a lot of anxiety its if you think of the whole carrot and stick approach it's the stick right if you're condition it's like don't do that or else the stick will get you you'll get purged you'll get canceled et cetera。

 et cetera right so stick conditioning。But there's also individualistic conditioning where it's hey。

 go get yours， you want that success， you want that money， you want that good life。

 you want that travel， you want those epic experiences a rise above the collective okay。

 so two types of conditioning。These are really intertwined right even if you think of fear and neediness like I said carrot and stick it's like I want this。

 I need this and I'm scared of the opposite okay very。

 very intertwined however okay if you want to go a little bit more advanced here the way that I place desire it's a state of desire ultimately this state of need of craving in terms of the levels of transformation is I do place it above courage because although it's intertwined with fear right they go hand in hand it's like two sides of the coin it does really tend to kick in in a very subtle way after the level of courage right where you might get like a glimpse of you could say authentic inspiration and then your ego and neediness hijacks it so if you have seen the scale that's why I place it above but it does go hand in hand with fear。

Now， the thing to remember， when it comes to neediness， this is the big one。

 and this is a quote from yours truly。Is that it is not the thing， it's the place it's coming from。

So what does that mean when you hear this term neediness being ladyy right being ego driven。

 we tend to have this immediate association to， you know， oh yeah， approval validation， money。

 success and we can fall into the trap of labeling those things as bad right anyone who wants money。

They're a needy ego driven person right anyone who wants oh a better lifestyle and more success you little ego maniac right like that can be the conditioning and you'll see some reactive movements to that where you know these would be the more minimalist movements right hey give up success give up。

😊，Your belongings go live in a cabin in in the woods right if you're truly not needy you would give up all those materialistic things right that's the the conditioning and people fall for that and there is also a lot of shaming from that where it's like anyone who goes for success shame on you shame on you you needy person and that is a really toxic as well okay neediness ultimately guess what anything。

Can turn into neediness right the money success is the classic one。

 but you can be very needy when it comes to spirituality。

Right if and I'm sure you've seen people like this， right？In the spiritual world。

 it's like they need to do their morning routine or else they need to drink their green juice or their kombucha or else right they need to meditate even letting go in a very subtle way you could have a very needy relationship around letting go I need to let go or else I need to I need to okay anything in turn into neediness and once more with a quote it's not the thing it's not money it's not success it makes you needy。

 it's the relationship you have with that thing it's the place it's coming from and ultimately is it coming from a place of desperation or inspiration。

You will see there are some people who go after say money and success and they are not needy towards that at all if they still go for it just because someone's going for money doesn't mean that they're needy。

 doesn't mean that they're egodrive just because someone goes for a more successful life doesn't mean that they're needy or ego drivenrive you got to look beneath the surface here not at was it just money but what's their relationship with it。

Is it them trying to again this desperate chase right this clinging chase where they try to ultimately enhance who they are through the thing right the more money I have。

 the more enhanced I am the more approval I get the more enhanced I am or are they coming at it from a solid foundation of being good enough and why are they doing it just because okay。

 and this is ultimately the goal when it comes to escaping this whole needy and anxious。

Paradm right the whole carrot stick paradigm you might hear you know。

 well if you didn't need something， why would you do it why would you why wouldn't you go for it right there's even books。

 by the way， that condition you into this right it's like you must have a burning desire or else right people like well if I didn't need money why would I work why why would I get a job right if I didn't need approval or whatnot why would I even try why would even care about fitting into society if I didn't need you know human around me and romantic touch and connection or friendships why would I even have a partner of friendship but that's not true right now guess what if you were suddenly you know showered like all the money in the world just like falling on you you're like money money you have everything it's impossible to make more money guess what？

You would still be taking some kind of action， you wouldn't resigned from the same thing called life and just be like。

 okay。En of money。I'm good， I'm done。Right， no。You might take a temporary break because you've been used to acting from this place of desperation for so long。

 this needy place for so long， but eventually you'll get bored and then you will still take action but coming from a very different place instead of desperation it'll be inspiration it won't be to avoid the stick or to get a carrot it'll be for what just cause。

That's why why do you take action just because why do you go for success， just because why not？

That is the ultimate driver， okay， and going deeper here。

It's also very important to make this distinction between desire， needness。

 and having a certain intention。Huge okay letting go of neediness doesn't mean letting go of having goals。

 for example， or playing to win or aiming for a certain outcome it means going back to that quote here it's not the thing but the place it's coming from it means changing your relationship with that goal or that outcome where you can still have the intention to win right hey my intention。

 for example doing this masterclass is to deliver an amazing masterclass that's my intention that's what i'm aiming for that is my win that is my goal right now。

However。It's very different to have that goal and play to win versus oh shift to the need where suddenly I need this masterclass to be amazing or else I am less of a human being。

All right I need it once I once I accomplish the master class and it goes amazing。

 I will be a better human being no no no。Regardless of how he goes， myself forth is unaffected。

 I can have the attention， but it's very different than that clingliness。

Okay and I wrote down here well what if the need is real right it's like。

 well what if you know I do I need a certain amount of money to survive。

 what if I actually do need to eat to survive， especially like human beings right where we we creatures like of like all of life is ultimately relationships right you could say what about those you know。

 really needs like the need for connection right yes， you could argue those are real needs。

 but as we discussed in the social anxiety masterclass， there is a difference between。

Real emotions and fake emotions。Right， you could have that naturally inspired need where it's like。

 hey， you know what？I have the need to eat but then there's also a different type of need where it's like oh I must eat to feel better or to be better I can't wait it hijacks you right the realistic one where it's like your emotional guidance system right desire can be good there it also shows you what you want right when you naturally feel inspired to go do and accomplish but then it can also get hijacked and turn into you know this fake emotion。

 this more triggered need where it's not just you listening to yourself it takes over and ultimately hijacks who you are okay but these are some of the fundamental distinctions here okay it's not the thing but the place it's coming from。

Never， ever forget that quote， a lot of the foundations come back to it。Once you let go of neediness。

 it shifts away from desperation to inspiration。It shifts away from desire to intention。

 but there is still a goal， there's still an outcome。

There's still a certain wind that you're moving towards。

And then need as an emotion is very healthy but。As we discussed。

 there's a difference between real emotions and fake emotions and when it comes to neediness。

 for the most part， what we experience is the fake emotion。Okay。

 these are once more the fundamentals of neediness。

