# 朱利安《高频沟通》：8 钻石：4、高级社交技能-泰勒：12.1 创伤与社交技能

When I was younger， I started this when I was about 22 years old。 What I found was。

You know the way that I remember initially trying to learn social skills was I would go out and I'd go out in public。

 and I see people who I'd want to talk to。 and I literally had no clue whatsoever about how to initiate a conversation。

 I had absolutely know clue how to do that。 Like I would literally wonder how do people make friends。

 I understood having friends from people who you grew up with at school or from your neighborhood or things like that。

 But I didn't understand how you would just like see somebody out and just know instantly become friends。

 I certainly wouldn't have understood how to create a romantic relationship be that for a night or for a week or a lifetime or whatever。

 I'd zero idea on how I would do anything like that。

 And I would hear about these things and look weird to me。 I'd sometimes go to a nightclub。

 And I see people like grinding on each other。 And I thought maybe that's how you socialize I'm not kidding I' I'm like。

Like like how do you do this， right， know， like that's like literally what I thought social skills was。

 I couldn't make any sense out of it。 And so， you know。

 I would then go to bars or clubs and I would actually kind of like you know。

 Brow my way through it and try to initiate conversations And the general level that I was on at that point was I would just say something like hi。

 I'd say， you know do say that it was in college， what's your major， What do you like to do。

 Where are you from What do you want to be when you're done it。

 you know at college or things like that， that was the basic mindset that I had towards communication at that point。

 So I had no concept of how to do that。 Now if you were to fast forward to today， you know。

We might hit up a bar a club， for example， and I would talk to every single person in the entire bar club。

 and there might be a small percentage that didn't really want to talk that much。

 And actually that's totally cool。 I'm totally okay with that。 And I wish them the best。

 But what you'll see is that probably about7080% of people in that club are very。

 very receptive and then a percentage of those people are actually even attracted。

 And so that's generally what you'll see if I were to go out I'm kind bouncing around like a pinball and I'm talking to everybody and people are laughing the odd person doesn't want to talk because there's a range of different people and some people are either they've got either better things to do or different types of people they want to meet or there is hyper negative and frankly that's the vast majority of people who won't even talk or acknowledge just that they're hyper negative。

 That's the majority of them。 but it depends and as you get better。

 you'll find that that number shrinks and the number of people that are receptive expanse。 However。

 it's not just people that are receptive that you want to expand。 It's also people that are very。

 very interested in you that want to get to know you better。

 So this is the kind of thing where you will get to a point if you keep pursuing this。

 where you'll see people。And even people at a very， very high level and it's very。

 very easy to meet them quickly and to bring them into your life quickly。 In fact。

 you'll see that at a certain point in your own development that it's almost effortless like it's really to the point where you do very。

 very little you'll be at a point where you'll see somebody else out and if you're operating at a high level and they're operating a high level they will try to exchange contact information with you sometimes within like10 seconds or something like that like it's very immediate and what you'll find is that the signs are very。

 very subtle these are very， very subtle signs and a lot of that funny enough not all of it but a lot of it or at least a major chunk of it relies around a lot of what Julian teaches which is this idea of trauma and people that are operating a high level are not being run by trauma is frequently now of course some are some are megalomaniacs some are evil。

 there's a range of different people but I'm talking the kind of people that I'm personally interested in meeting you'll generally find that as you release trauma you will get around other people that have done a good job of that and what happens and here's kind of the big。

Shi that you'll see as you release trauma， you are not gonna to be burning mental capital holding down the trauma。

 okay， this is the really， really big thing。 And so what's gonna to happen is it's going to open up higher levels of awareness So what's going happen。

 for example， is that you're gonna to be better at communicating your voice is going open up your body language is going get looser。

 you're gonna look less sensitive。 you're gonna look less nervous， you're going be more free flowing。

 you're going be present to the moment and so on and so forth。

 And then when you see other people like that it's very easy to make a connection to somebody like that。

 and you're gonna recognize that in the pils。 you're going see right in their pupils。

 this person is very present。 I'm very present。 So probably we would have a lot to talk about。

 you're gonna to see a lot of that。 you're going see it in the way that the person's voice is projecting。

 you're going see in the that they're carrying themselves you're going see what they focus on people that are you not dealing with a ton of trauma they' release a lot of that they tend to just be having fun and they focus on positive and expansive things as opposed to complaining and being a victim and you know triangulating on other people。

As a way of feeling better and propping up dopamine and so on and so forth。

 And you're just going to see this across the board。

 So that's a lot of what it is that Julian is teaching you。

