# 朱利安《高频沟通》：2 情感技能：2.1 情绪技能总览_ev

If you think of the emotional skills， there are three strategies that people embark on to work on this。

Strategy number one。Is through habit。So what does this mean？You realize， okay。

 it's better if I'm out of my head。 It's better if I'm confident。 It's better if I feel good。

 It's better if I'm uns stifled。 It's better if I'm grounded， so on and so forth。 Awesome。

 How can I work on that directly， those emotional skills by having more。😊。

And this is the mainstream approach where everyone wants to have more money， for example， more looks。

 right， Well， if I just was better looking， I'd feel more confident And I'd take care of the emotional skills。

 right， if I had more money， if I had， you know， all these awesome things in this this big house and cool clothes。

 Yes， I would finally be confident。 right， That's the having paradigm， if I had more status。

 if I had better friends， if I had connections， if I had access to cool things， right。

 if I had even going dip deeper， a scripted line。 that's the having paradigm。😊，Right。

 and this is usually where people start out， right mainstreamstream will say， hey。

 you can only be good socially if you're good looking。

 you can only be good socially if you have money and connections。

 right or you can only be good socially if you learn the exact right things to say。

 that's usually step 1 when people embark on this journey。 It's like。

 I want to improve my social skills。 How， what are some cool things to say。 What are some cool lines。

 some cool stories。 The more I have， the more I can allow myself to be confident。😊。

So they try to have and have in half。That's a lot of the old school socializing advice。

 And that there。Is the wrong approach do an audit right is there still a part of you that relies on one of them which one is more important right if a genie popped up and told you I can give you looks or money。

 what would you pick you can only have one of the two you'll either be really good looking and broke or really rich and ugly go。

Or if the genie could fix one would be the first one you could fix。

And that's just good information for you where you're like， okay， I on my end。

 money runs me more than looks or looks runs me more than money。Right。

Basically list them out in order of priority what about status right social alliances like who you know what this really cool friend my friends。

 you know really popular my friends really rich my friend's really good looking that gives me permission right competencies having certain skills right oh i'm really good at this so this gives me permission to be confidence。

roleole plays。That's another one when you're put in a certain role right like if any of you right now were put in the teacher role here like say I bounced out I'm like hey。

 I got to go an emergency came up Simon， take over， take over the class go。

Simon would actually step into the teacher role and just due to the dynamic。

 it would allow him to be more confident than if I say called him out right now in a non teacher role。

Okay different role plays like that this is why even you hear in like you know different emergencies people kind of rise up to the occasion and suddenly they're super like you know plane crash somewhere and it's like you do this you go get that dinner know when they usually wouldn't be like that at all。

Okay and then of course scripted lines scripted stories or it's like oh look at all these stories I have these lines I have that's the source of my confidence that's the source of my emotional confidence okay this is all once more under the emotional skill strategy。

And this is something that you want to move out。 I started out with this。 By the way。

 I started out with like trying to learn different lines and cool stories and even write down like。

 oh， this would be an interesting story。 And like， perfect the words I would say。

 And it's just terrible。 Okay， because guess what。Here's another little downside to this strategy。

 Even if you do temporarily feel this boost of confidence， it doesn't last。

 and it's not true confidence because you're giving your power away to that line。

So even if it goes well， you never tell yourself， oh， that was awesome。 I deserve credit。 It's， oh。

 that was awesome， but only because of the wine。😊，So you're true。 You could say confidence。

 how you view yourself who you are， what you deserve doesn't change at all。

 It actually makes you feel worse because it's like， oh， people only talk to me if I have this line。

 It's not me。 it's the line。 I got to compensate with even more lines because I'm so terrible。Now。

 as things。Evolve whereas you go a little deeper。You enter。The doing paradigmdise。Okay。

 and this here is where your strategy relies on not what you have， but on what you do。Right，So， hey。

 the more action I take， the more confident I can be， the more I can unlock that confidence。 right。

 There's this technique called building momentum。 A lot of people rely on this。

 where if they want to work on their social skills， they realize that， you know， say you're out。

I don't know at an environment。 say it's a networking event or something。

 And you want to start talking to people and being confident。

 you know that if you just talk to a lot of people and you gather a lot of positive experiences。

 positive proof， positive references， eventually it will give you permission to be confident。

But you're still relying on that。It's like， oh， I got to do， I got to do。

So it's the same as someone who relies technically on， say， looks or money， you're relying on action。

Right， I need to， you know， get enough positive references。 And then I can finally be like that。

 right， So momentum。You know， different techniques， right， Oh。

 I realize that if I say a story and within the story， I just disagree here， it creates a nice。

 emotional spike。 And people rely on that right， or on just being able to talk and talk and talk。

 You'll sense you're in that doing paradigm where when you're talking to someone and say you have to be quiet。

 You feel your confidence and your sense of value drop。

You don't feel comfortable As soon as you're quiet。 You' like， they're going to walk away。

 They're going to walk away。 I' got to talk。 I got to do more。Right， it comes off as very try hard。

 You can never have a break。 right， That's the doing paradigm。And， of course。That's the wrong one。

Strategy number three。Is the being paradigm。And that's where it doesn't rely on anything。

 It's just who you are。Because if you think of having and doing。

 you're basically using these things as crutches to give you permission to be you。

