# 朱利安《高频沟通》：2 情感技能：2.8 无形的枷锁

this is you。Every single person lives within this。Invisible prison。And we think we have free will。

 but we only need to have it to a certain extent。 You have free will。 as long as you operate in here。

 you can go here， you can go there， you can go here。 But as soon as you venture outside。

You could view it as the guards of self sabotage。哎。They start点。When you venture outside。

 you can also think of this as your ceiling of success。Everyone has a ceiling and a floor of success。

 and the typical pattern people go through is they kind of osciate between the two。They move up。

 as soon as they pass outside， they feel that pull， sell sabotage， then they crumble。

 then they hit the floor what happened， they make up and they this up and down。

 and it gives you the illusion of progress， but you're always staying beneath a certain ceiling。

When it comes to say， socializing or talking to people。

 here's a question you can ask yourself to identify that ceiling。

Around what person you start experiencing？Stifleness。

Around what person do you feel completely comfortable joking around， being you。

 and then around what person do you just clam up？That there is。

 I'm talking to someone who I believes outside my league guard toel Sabotage Ga。

Don't know what to say， right， I don't know what to say， ran out of things to say。

 cigars of sell sabotage。Now， what do people do？They ask themselves what now instead of why。

What now leads you to fighting the guards directly？You'll never， ever win。

 This is key against regards of El sabotja。 if you fight them directly， ever。

You'll delay the inevitable。 And this is most advice out there。 It's not actually success advice。

 It's anti self sabotage advice。 It's oh， when you feel stifled。

 do this when you run out of things and say， do this。Oh。

 the guardiff sell saboage the me run I think to say， here's how you fight it。And you can delay it。

Personally。The first few years of me working on my social skills。

 I got very good at fighting those guards。 I would delay the inevitable。

 but no result would ever be permanent。 I keep feeling myself getting pulled back。

 this invisible force， pulling me back。I would still get stifled。 I would still clam up。

 but I'd just be very good at fighting it。 That's not the result you want。

So here's the key instead of what now， why？Instead of， how do I fight the guards？Why。

Is there this little prison？What's keeping this invisible force field alive？

And as we just talked about， it's three generators。Trauma。Core beliefs。Coidedent。

Deactivate these like go of them。This fades away。And the guards with it。

You don't fight the guards directly， you fight them indirectly by deactivating the invisible prison。

By deactivating that ceiling， you just stop getting stifled。This sounds a little too good to be true。

 but it'sca very possible。There is a situation where if you do enough work。

 you just stop getting stifled。You just stop running out of things to say。

And you realize that a lot of the advice that's even out there when it comes to social skills。

 you no longer even need it， because it only applies to someone who still gets stifled。

So filter advice out there too， is this true success advice or is this anti self sabotage？

