# 朱利安《高频沟通》：6 积累经验：6.1 积累经验_ev

This here really hits on the analytical skills Okay， remember emotional is you let go。

 you let your true natural personality shine。But that's just 80% of it the last 20% is analytical skills and that does come from actual real life experience it's not something you can skip。

 it's not something you can， you know， try to avoid and get away with you have to surrender to the process here and you have to talk to a lot of people and get a lot of reference experiences okay。

 the more references you get the more you progress simple as that you need the strong foundation first。

Where you're able to unleash your true self to get the right references。

 where you're able to not project and speculate in terms of who other people are you see a reality for what it is。

 so letting go comes first， but then from there， yeah there is such a thing as the skill of connecting with others。

Right authenticity， letting go 80% of it， but then connecting that to other people and that does come through practice it's not something that you're necessarily born with it's not something that you naturally do you do have to go out there and get your hands in the mud okay so social skills from that point the last 20% is get as many references as possible okay for me right now I've talked to more people than most people ever would in their entire lives。

That's how you get good if you take the average person。

Their journey alive right how many people do they talk to so you take a grandparent of yours and you were to sit them down and hypothetically get to audits every moment of their lives。

 how many actual social experiences like social references。Did they get？Oh X amount， okay。

 save you the average of most of the population， oh what's around that？Well， hey。

 you want to get better socially？Get more references in them， talk to more people than。

Normally anyone should right if they just followed the plan that is life and followed natural circumstances and situations。

Be proactive about it。Okay， get as many as possible and the shortest amount of time possible。

 and this is why once you have the right mindsets you learn how to let go go all out。

I talkal to as many people as possible if it doesn't feel quote unquote normal that's good because the average person doesn't talk to enough people。

 especially nowadays of social media right it's insane most people just literally have their you could say 90% of their social interactions between them a screen and another person even relationships。

You might have even had that reference where you're in a relationship and you actually feel more comfortable or there's a different dynamic when you're talking to your partner via text or via social media or Facebook message or you name it and then in person it's a different dynamic。

There's more and more of that。So your job here is go out into the real world， okay。

 make it a habit to talk to people daily。Right and you have to actually go out of your weight there's something that this is a habit you're going to have to do you're out。

 for example， say you go to the grocery store instead of just going in and be like， oh。

 I'm just going to get this this is this talk to someone。

 not just the cash register where you're checking out， but like talk to someone in there。

Make it a habit， that's just who you are， you're just someone who' is very open， very secure。

 who feels very at ease and you're just chatting about。Okay。

 it shouldn't be this thing that you turn on it should just be who you are that's how you're going to get a ton of references don't wait for it to happen。

 make it happen。Now to。You could say supercharge this go to places with a lot of people this comes down evaluatinguing your time people like well where should I talk to people you really all throughout life。

 but if you want to accelerate this go for example to an environment where a lot of people are there right this could be a networking event if you just want to focus on the business side。

 it could be a bar it could be a club， it could be a social gathering， it could be a festival。

 it could be a concert， you name it just go where the people are。

Where you can gather a lot of references in a short amount of time， that's the biggest benefit。Okay。

 I personally learned a lot of my social skills from bars and clubs。If you always was like。

 well isn't that a little different， it's like， sure right people's goals at a Barn club could be different in terms of why they're there in the context as we discussed。

 but in terms of getting actual experience talking to people， connecting with people。

 seeing what works， seeing what doesn't， learning how to read people which allows you to connect with them better。

 that comes from experience。Value your time right， you could spend three hours a day。

 say walking around the streets during the day。You know three hours a day for a year or you go out on the weekend to a bar to a club and you talk to more than you would spending three hours a day right so it depends how much you value your time don't be snob with your references well depends on the type of people it's like humans are humans there's really no difference if I connect with someone right my goal is to connect with them it really doesn't matter if they go to clubs or not it doesn't matter if they go to bars or not it doesn't matter if they make a lot of money or not the core principles are always the same sure it might shift the sweet spot a little bit the context but overall。

Humans are humans， okay， so go to places with a lot of people and I would even suggest going to places with a lot of stimuli。

Say you go to a club or a place with loud music or a concert。Guess what？

That'll basically put you in a situation where you have to step it up。

Because now you're competing with all the stimuli instead of just you oh don't have much go in right it's easy to pass hook point number one hey nice to be you cool better than nothing now it's like。

 hey I'm here for the concert I'm here to dance I'm here I'm here for the music。Beat that。

 see if you can be more captivating and offer more value than the environment around you。

And this is good， right， it's playful challenges with yourself。

Go to those environments if you can do well socially in those crazy high stimuli environments。

Environments where there's low stimuli is like a joke。Okay。Your world is your social laboratory。

That's true， view it that way。In terms of the analytical skills going out。

 it's all about just getting references right talk to as many people as possible don't make a big deal out of it。

 don't let your ego intervene， which is what people do right it's like well I talked to X amount of people today did I do well where do I stand as a human No it's not about you。

Talking to people and talking to X amount of people is not about you and yourself self worth get that handle right that's letting go it's about you going out and connecting with people and learning the skill of connecting with people。

It's a laboratory， any feedback is data， okay， take nothing personally huge。

And then remember this too value can be extracted from any reference experience。

This is one trap people will fall into where their mind will be like well I don't know if it'll go anywhere it doesn't matter if it goes anywhere you got the experience right oh well。

 you know I want to network with that person but I don't think things will come of it It doesn't matter that's a reference of you going up and networking with someone。

Oh， you know， I want to talk to that person， but I don't really know if I want to be long term friends。

 doesn't matter you get the reference of initiating part one of a friendship。Okay。

 don't be a snob when it comes to references， get as many as possible。

 all types of references with all types of people， there's no such thing as a useless reference unless you don't know how to break it down。

 which we will cover okay， but no matter what experience you have as long as you try trying is better than nothing doing is better than doing nothing。

There's value to extract from it。Okay， any great frame。That I've been seeing for years。

 which I still live by is do it for the reference。Whateverever your mind's like。

 oh I don't know it's like a， let's just do it for the reference， doesn't matter if we do well。

 if we don't do well， we get the reference， whatever it is some crazy situation when anxiety is there fear is there。

 it's like alet's， let's just do it for the reference。Okay。

 this here is really the foundations when it comes to getting reference experiences。

