# 朱利安《高频沟通》：8 钻石：3、魅力大师课：11.1 魅力大师课介绍

When it comes to charisma， okay， it's the same 8020 as social skills okay。

 this is really the foundation， 80% of charisma you could say is the emotional skills it's you getting out of your own way and getting in touch with authenticity and really unleashing that that's why even wrote down release muscles right like charisma we think it's something that we build up to it's something that we learn how to do same with the having doing the paradigms but the foundation is really get out of your own way。

Let go of any part of you that's stifling you， let your true personality shine。

 get in touch with the real you and that's really the foundation of it all that gets you 80% of the way。

However， there's then the extra 20% analytical skills where just like with social skills。

 you can then take that raw authenticity that comes from the release muscles and you can supercharge it so control muscles can have its place if it's you could say coming from the right place so it's really taking that raw form of authenticity and ask yourself how can I supercharge this。

 how can I polish it， how can I texturize this and make it relatable depending on the people or the person that I'm talking to okay so。

Same foundations and then when it comes to superchar that authenticity。You can supercharge the inner。

Side of charisma， which really has to do with feeling right with vibes。

And then there's also the outer side of charisma that you can supercharge as well。

 and that's where the charisma comes specifically from say。

 how you're saying what you're saying right， for example， if you think of say Jordan Peterson right？

This would be a good example of someone who。Vbe wise。

I'm sure you stepped into some authenticity of course but vibe wise it's not really the thing that attracts you to say Jordan Peterson the thing that really makes him stand out is the way he articulates what he says right of course you could argue on a deeper level yes there's the vibewise where he has his kind of signature motions right he was like and then kind of like this kind of stutter thing he does with his hands in body every couple sentences so he has that that actually makes him quite oh charismatic but then just the way he articulates like instead of saying this is the point just here it is he can explain it and use very interesting words complex words。

 words that most people never use words the price some people have never even heard so that's really playing on the outer side okay so there's both okay charisma is a whole same umbrella 8020 emotional skills analytical and then there's inner charisma that has to do with vibe。

That you can also supercharge and then there's outer charisma in terms of the expression of that。

 the wording， the texturizing that you can also supercharge and this is what we're going to be diving into here。

