# 朱利安《高频沟通》：2 情感技能：2.10 挖掘潜意识

In terms of identifying what's down here。There are a few things you can do。One is look for recurring。

Patterns。In your life。Identify recurring patterns in your life。If you look at， say。You know。

 the typical relationship you might find yourself in。

 it's possible that our relationships just kind of look the same。This can be traced back to。

 as an example， a core belief。 It can be traced back to a lot of things。

 but let's take the core belief example。Say as a child。

 you're looking up at your parents at their relationship。Let's say it's very toxic。

You don't know any better。 You're looking up and you're like， oh， I guess that's， that's love。

 That's a relationship。And then in your life， for some reason。

 you only fall for a people where there's a lot of toxicity。And you're like。

 why does this keep happening？Subconsciously。You're saying congruent to that belief that a relationship love is toxic。

 It's fighting。 It's drama。If your parents might have split， you might have formed。

 love is abandonment。And then you're falling for people who cheat on you， long distance。

 people you're not meant to be with。To stay congruent to that。 So if you look at different patterns。

 you're like， why does that keep happening to me， Why is there do I keep doing this， Any pattern。

You can usually trace it back to a core belief。Whether it's about the world or that core identity that runs you。

So looking for patterns is key。And we think here too， by the way， that。Every day is a new day。

 but that's not true in our lives。It's a lot of you could say Groundhog day where welive the same patterns again and again and again at a surface。

 it seems like everything's changing， but at a core， it's the same patterns on repeat。

It's the same patterns on repeat， honestly， since your childhood。Right， if you want it。

Say how much confidence you had。You know， during your childhood。

 that's probably the same amount of confidence you tend to have in your adult life。 same dynamics。

 If you look at the group of friends you had in your childhood， you might have been no friends。

 You might have been the leader。 You might have been the number two。

 You might have been the class clown， right， the funny person or the third fourth wheel。

 And for some reason in your adult life， you might still find yourself in recreate situations to put yourself in that role。

So recurring patterns， super key。Also， identify。When you get。Triggered。Okay。

Getting triggered a term that everyone uses nowadays。

 But what does it really mean whenever you get triggered。

 it's when your response is disproportionate to reality。儿子。

Getting triggered is when your response is disproportionate to reality。

 and you can use this to your advantage。What is actually getting triggered？It's when。

Something that was down here。Starts coming up closer and closer into your awareness。So say we take。

You being loud， the aspect of you that is loud。 So you disown that。 Never be loud。

 And then you've been living this very quiet。You know， through this quiet front。

What most people do is they try to force being loud。 No， no， no， You identify， why am I not loud。

So there's the aspect you deserve。If you put yourself in a situation。That forces you to embody this。

You will experience。Getting triggered。And that's where this starts coming up closer to your awareness。

 and you actually feel that same life or death survival instinct kick in。And in reality， amplified。

 but the same reaction you had when you originally disowned。Say you're a kid。 Hey， what's up。

 Your parent， be quiet。 I'm going to die。 Never be loud again。Adle life， you're in a situation， hey。

 be loud again。 the same life or death you experience as a kid， you'll experience it now。

And this is where you must audit， is my response to reality appropriate， yes or no？

I've seen this for years when it comes to socializing。

 say going up and saying hi to a stranger where people feel like they are literally going to die if they take action on it。

 Go say hi to that person。Right， or say we're in line， for example， at a Starbucks or something， hey。

 sing a song。Guaranteed most of you， if you were alone in line out of Starbucks。

 and it's a long line。 and everyone's very quiet and you start singing。

You're going to feel like you're going to die。Now， objectively looking at the situation。

 are you going to die if you do that， yes or no？No， so your response is disproportionate to reality。

It has nothing to do with what's out there。It's something in here。Now。

 and this is actually where you can actually use social anxiety challenges to your benefit。

 What you most people do， they try to put themselves in the situations to numb themselves。

 right Social anxiety challenges to numb to get used to it or live off the high as we talked about。

But say use challenges to trigger yourself。Not to numb yourself。

 but to bring this a little closer to your awareness。Because guess what。

 It's a lot easier to catch it here than way down there。Okay， so one formula。

That I teach all my clients when it comes to letting go is action。Trigger。Release。Repeat。Action。

 trigger， release， repeat。You take action。That will then trigger something that you disowned。

Could even just be stifleness， I'm going say， this person feels stifled。

And then instead of battling through， we're trying to， oh go to my happy place and numb it。

Now that it's closer to my awareness， I can then let go of it and repeat。So when we hear letting go。

 we tend to think it's just， you know， you sitting at home， meditating， letting go。 No， no， no。

 It's coupled with action。It's a very active process。Okay。

 and then one more thing here when you're getting triggered， this means。

Go and actually proactively trigger yourself。 It's not bad to get triggered。 Go do it。

But then do let go after the fact。 and remember that the fear。

Where whatever you experience when you're triggered is a bluff。Face， fears， bluff。 It's like。

 imagine， you've been taught from a young age。 There's a monster in the closet。

All of society has been telling you there's a monster in the closet， you never check the closet。

Here I am。 Go in the closet。 You're gonna experience that same fear。 Like， face it。 And then， oh。

 there's no monster free。So don't try to avoid getting triggered。 That's what people do。

 They try to design their lives so they don't get triggered or numb themselves to it。 No， no， no。

 Go get triggered to then let go。