# 朱利安《高频沟通》：3 引导冥想：3.3 释放魅力

So let's start by tuning in that little voice going on in between your ears。

That little voice going around in circles。Going around and round， trying to find the answers。

Trying to find the solutions。Always yappping about。Tune into it。

 and I want you to slowly start visualizing it， moving down your spine。Still going around in circles。

 but that's fine。Getting more and more distant。Getting quieter。And quieter。

Moving all the way down until finally reaching the base of your spine。

And we're going to lock in that position， you're now thinking from there， breathing from there。

 your ears are down there， your nose is down there。

 you're out of your head and grounded at the base of your spine。

And we're going to do three grounding breathing cycles from this position， your nose is down there。

 tune into it and inhale for the count of six now one。2，3，4，5，6， hold for three。Exhale for six。2，3，4。

5，6。Hold for three again。And breathe normally。Getting out of your head。Getting into your body。

And let's get ready for a second grounding breathing cycle from the base of your spine inhale now one。

2，3，4，5，6， hold for three。Let it go。2， three， four， five， six。Old for three again。And very。

Takeaking up more space inside。Getting more in touch with that inner world。

And let's get ready for a third grounding breathing cycle from the base of your spine inhale now one。

2，3。4，5，6。Hold for three。Exhale for six。2。3，4。5，6。Hold for three again。And breathe normally。

You're now out of your head grounded at the base of your spine connected to what's going on inside。

And what I want you to do now is to shift your awareness to the different sensations that come up。

Around。What it feels like to be successful。Socially。Welcome any and all sensations。

Having made it socially。Being able to feel comfortable in any social situation。

You're completely relaxed。What sensations come up and what does that look like？

Being successful socially。What does that feel like？How would you act？Being successful socially。

 what would change in your day to day life？How would you act， how would you talk？

What would that all look like？Yeah。Going out socializing and just not trying to control anything。

Been present to the moment。Just flowing， not caring how people see you or what they think of you。

 not trying to impress。Not trying to chase。Having no fear， no anxiety。

What does that feel like and what does that look like？Welcome many in all sensations。

Being successful socially。Being out of your head。Not being stifled。Not having any self attack。

 no judgment。Nothing external affecting your mood， how you feel。

Not being attached to the opinions of others。The approval， the disapproval， what do they think of me？

Not having any of that。What exactly would that look like？And once more， what would that feel like？

And is there perhaps a new resistance to this？Any part of you that just doesn't resonate。

Any part of you that believes this isn't for me， this isn't possible。

And let's get ready for a first cycle here opening up to these sensations， letting them take over。

Leting go of any and all resistance。Whatever's there around succeeding socially。What that looks like。

 what that feels like for you。And if there's any resistance。

 tune into the sensations and inhale for six， one。2， three， four， five， six， old for three。Let it go。

 three， four， five， six， hold for three again。And breathe。Oh。嗯。Let's go even deeper into this。

Succeeding socially。What sensation surface around？Being completely open。

Letting your true personality shine。Letting people really see you。No front。

No wall between you and others。What comes up around this？Truly being seen。Being open。Laughing。

 showing people all sides of your personality， being goofy， being fun， being loud。Taking up space。

Takeing up space verbally。Emotionally， physically feeling comfortable just being you。

Saying what you want to say。Comfortably instead of hiding behind a fake front。

Just welcome this sensationists， what does that look like， what does that feel like？

Being in a collaborative state。Feeling at ease。Feeling like you belong like it all makes sense。

No matter the environment， no matter who you're talking to。

Just being able to easily connect with anyone。And is there any resistance to this once more？

The sensations come up and let's get ready for a second cycle here， tune into it and inhale now one。

2， three， four， five， six， hold for three。Let it go。2，3，4，5，6。 Hol for three again。

And breathe normally。Yeah。And is there any fear， any resistance？Around succeeding socially。

What's so scary， what's so bad？About success。When it comes to your social skills。

What's scary or bad about？Acting that way， feeling that way， being that way。

And just welcome any and all sensations。What's so scary or bad about just being able to go out。

 walk into any environment and easily connect with people。What's so scare or bad about being open？

Putting your personality out there。Being loud， taking up space。Being the main person。

 being the center of attention。What's so scary or bad about that？

What's so scary or bad about just feeling completely relaxed， socializing， having fun socializing？

Being out of your head。Let's get ready for a third cycle here， there's any resistance to this。

Any resistance or fear around being in absolute abundance socially。

Having an abundance of friendships。An abundanceund when it comes to relationships。

 when it comes to connection， having a great social circle。Any fear or any resistance。

 tune into the sensations and inhale now one。Two， three， four， five， six， hold for three。Let it go，2。

3，4，5，6。Hold for three again。And breathe normally。I'm what I want you to do now is。

Before a biggest breath yet to repeat the following statements out loud after me。

And just let any and all sensation surface。Oh。Repeat after me。Socializing is fun。Socializing is easy。

It's easy to meet new people。It's easy to connect with new people。It's easy to make friends。Yeah。

It's easy to put myself out there。It's easy to let people know me。嗯。People can like me just for me。

Socializing is easy。And just welcome the sensations。There is any resistance。

Any part of you that didn't feel aligned when repeating these statements。

 tune into those sensations now。And let's get ready for our biggest breath yet。

 tune into it and inhale now one。Two， three， four， five， six， big breath， hold for three。

Let it all go two， three， four， five， six。Hold for three again。And breathe normally。

And just take a moment to let things settle here。Let things slow down。Just let your body relax。

 let every muscle in your body relax right now。Detach your tongue from the roof of your mouth。

Let your jaw relax。Every muscle in your face relax。Just let yourself melt completely now。

Letting go of any and all tension。Leting go completely。嗯。Yes。Feeling your body get lighter。

And even lighter。So light you can almost feel yourself floating up higher and higher。Beyond the body。

Beyond the mind。Floating up into this space that comes。Before everything。Yeah。The space of peace。

Yeah。Perfection。Of authenticity。Space of love。Just take a moment to hang out in this space right now。

To merge with it。The space of success。Of infinite possibility。

Just take a moment to become one with this space with every inhale。

Feeling your body glowing with light。Filled with warmth。Strength and love。

And just merge with this space right now， letting go completely now。Yeah。Yeah。

Take a few more breaths， merging with his space even more。Feeling your body glowing。Strengtthhen。

Warm， connected to love。Connected to this space of infinite possibility， the space of abundance。

Few more breaths becoming one completely with it。Yeah。嗯。And having merged with this space。

 I want you to take this with you。And just slowly start bringing your awareness。Back into your body。

All the way back to the base of your spine where we first started。Your ears are down there once more。

 your nose is down there。let's do one final grounding breathing cycle from this position。

 your noses down there， tune into it and inhale now one。2，3，4，5，6。 hold for three。Exhale for six。2，3。

4，5，6。 hold for three again。But。AndB on the land。Bring some awarenessiness into your feet。

 feeling the floor beneath you。Up your legs feeling the chair beneath you。Into your stomach。

Your chess。Your shoulders。Out your arms into your hands and fingertips。Back up into your neck。

Your face。The top of your head。Your entire body。And we're slowly。

Going to get ready to come back on the count of five。One， feel the floor beneath your feet。2。

A chair beneath you。Sure。Three， your entire body， every part of it。Glowing with light。

Filled with warmth， strengthened。And connected to love。Four with your eyes closed still。

 shift your awareness to the environment around you sitting here listening to my voice。

Getting ready to come back to the present moment， the right here right now。

Ready to have an amazing rest of your day。 rest of your week， rest of your month， rest of your year。

 rest of your life。And open your eyes on the count of five。

