# 朱利安《高频沟通》：7 自主练习：7.8 开个自己的播客

Start a podcast。Even if you don't put it out publicly， do it for fun。

 you'll learn so much about yourself， especially if you're someone who wants to improve your social skills。

Start a podcasts and take it seriously， right， so have a nice setup。Get a camera。

 If you don't have a camera， use your phone。 Make sure it's video， not just audio。

And sit down and just once a week for one hour， record an episode。

 It could be about whatever you want。But say you take that step。

You'll record your episode and then you'll review it you'll be like， okay， well， how was it。

 how did I do？Now it's going to happen。I you're going to probably start looking up other podcasts and you're not going to see them the way you had previously seen them。

 It's not going to be this fun entertaining thing。 you're going to be filtering it through your experience doing your own and you're going to pick up on subtleties you had previously not even picked up on say you're looking at your own and you're like。

 oh， it's a little rusty there Oh my God a little too serious。 How can I inject some humor。Now。

 you're going to be looking at another one and be like， oh， that's how they deal with that。 Oh。

 look at that transition。 That's how they transition。 That was fun。 Oh， they injected humor there。

 Oh， how did they do that， Oh， how did they shift， Interesting。

 You're going pick up on all these subtleties。😊，But to pick up on them， for your focus。

 your RISS to activate， you need to take one step in action。😡，You need to start doing it yourself。

 You'll see so much about your charisma， your delivery。 It will also start training your focus。

 your R S on a day to day basis to start looking for， O， what I'm going to talk about next week。

 What happened to me， What's interesting this week。😊，What are some interesting things I heard。

 I've seen， I've witnessed， I've done， I've experienced， what are some funny things。

 things and conversations with friends， coworkers are like， oh， that's a good one。

 let me make we can note for the podcast。 Your goal is every single week how are you going to fill an hour of content that is captivating the entire way through？

And don't let yourself off the hook。 Don't make it boring。 Ask yourself。

 would you watch this if it was on YouTube， if you stumbled on that video。

 would you be locked in or at what point would you fall off。And you can audit that， you're like。

 what's my humor？How are you going to inject that into the podcast。

 How are you going to learn to push your own buttons and make yourself laugh？

And not just when it naturally comes about in your day， that's easy， right， Oh。

 something naturally funny happens。 You're going to laugh。 How can you do that on command。

And not fake it， but like genuine laughter。Because people try to logically think， well。

 if I maybe say this， that might make me me laugh。 No， you should learn how to summon that。

 If you want another little side exercise to do this。😊，Try this。Whether it's on the podcast。

 if you like， or even in an interaction， say you're even talking to a friend guaranteed this little exercise。

 If you overdo it， it won't work。 But first time you do it， will guaranteed some in genuine laughter。

 It'll even do it now。😊，Here's the exercise。For one minute。At any point in that interaction。

After every single thing that you say。You're going to do a very awkward little giggle。

So he imagines like， hey， nice to meet you。 I'm Julian。

 like that and just own it as if it's totally normal。 It's like， oh， cool。

 See you from Austin like the entire time。😊，Now notice， that actually summons genuine laughter。Right。

 so that's one way。 But you need to learn how to do that for you at any time。

 and especially in situations where。There is nothing to really draw from in the environment。

 And it's a situation where there is even a little bit of pressure。 We call this healthy pressure。

 If you sit down and you do a podcast， trust me。It's going to be really awkward at first。

 You're going to you know， pull up your chair。 You're going to be alone in your room， and your place。

Have your little phone camera set up， sit down。And it's going to be silent。And you're like， well。

 here we go。Welcome to the welcome to the podcast。And you're going to have to learn how to just talk and talk。

 There won't be any social feedback either。And that's really， really interesting。

 I remember even Egar To， this is way back in the day when I first started learning how to you know create videos and I had so much trouble with this。

 by the way， for me to do a podcast back and day impossible， for me to even record a video blog。

Took months。 I almost actually didn't get hired， slash fired because I was so terrible at recording videos。

 terrible。If I was interacting and there was feedback， yes， if it was a seminar like this， yes。

 put a camera。I need the feedback。There's no feedback。 And Ehartoli actually talked about this too。

 He he's like， you got actually look through the camera and visualize like the people you're talking to versus this inanimate object。

 But you'll see， it'll be awkward at first。 and it will be very challenging。

 but you will grow tremendously from that。 If you can summon genuine laughter in that awkward。

 quiet environment。😊，With the camera， knowing that people are going to see it。

 even if you never posted it， Imagine you did。Going out and just socializing becomes a joke。

 it really does。It teaches you so much， too， about yourself， state control， state management。Again。

 staying authentic， but not letting the external just get you all reactive or get you to clamp up that podcast exercise。

 genius once you're able to do one a week， one hour of really solid content。Do two a week。

 do three a week。 Do four a week。That dare， again， it's a bit on the extreme。

 but if you're someone who really wants to cultivate and you could say Polish your personality and improve your social skills。

What's an hour a day？Will you ever run out of things to say if you are able to do that。No。

You never will。And it always has to be fresh， you'll see when you deliver a story that isn't fresh or a story that you've repeated a little too much。

 a story or a joke that you're trying to make perfect instead of just letting it flow out of you and that too。

That's the dance of socializing， right。 It's having a certain intention。But at the same time。

 letting go of that outcome， right So it's like intention to do well， intention to succeed。

 intention to say something interesting。 Same with the seminar here。 by the way。

 I have a few notes that I'm looking at。 I have an intention。 There's something I want to talk about。

 But in the moment， if I'm like too perfectionists。 Like it has to be exactly like the notes。

 it'll stifle the soul of this speech。There has to be room for some improv。

Room for some joking around room where you're just like， let's just let go a little bit。

Let's see what happens。Same with your podcast。 You're going to have to trust。

 I'm going to trust that something's just going to naturally come out and it's going to crush。

And then you're going to start seeing it in others。

Here's another thing you'll start noticing on a deeper layer。

 You're going to look at other podcasts and you're going to see when they're in a flow state when they aren't。

 They're going to see when they struggle just like you。Most people don't see that。

 They just see the surface layer。 This is funny。 This is entertaining。 I'm learning deeper layer。

 It's like， oh， that's interesting。 Here's one where they're in state。

 Here's one where they're out of state。 Here's one where you saw a dip in state。

 and then you can see them get back in state later on。 What happened。 What shifted。😊。

You should also even see the during live events here。Right， I like to think。I'm a pretty。

Say on top of my state， pretty genius type of guy， state wise。 But I also have little dips， right。

 Not all my events。Do I come up， And I'm like， here we go like super energetic。

 Like sometimes like a little bit more chill。 You're going to see waves even in this speech here。

 right， The flow that we're in now versus the beginning is a little different。And that， too。

 funny enough， is what makes you captivating。 If it's like this。

 even though this might be captivating the entire time， you'll get a little bit bored。

