# 朱利安《高频沟通》：4 分析技能：4.12 如何滔滔不绝

In terms of running out of things to say。Remember these four layers。So what does that mean？

If this really clicks in。And you connect with it， you realize that what you say is really the least important thing。

So if you're actually valuing that more， you're already screwing up。

People who run out of things to say。Number one reason is they value what they say way too much。

And guess what， if what you said was that important？I'd be running out things to say too。

If you're like， oh， what I say is so important， like of course you're going to run on things today。

 it's way too much pressure， it's too hard。The only way to never run out things to say is to realize。

 hey， it really doesn't matter as much what I say。I can make mistakes its fine。

Same here with this presentation， guess what， is it perfect， of course not？

If I try to make it perfect， there'd be times where I'd probably stumble。

There'd be times where I'd probably freeze a bit。I'm just putting too much pressure on myself。

if in my mind， I'm like talk as if。When you were talking， you're writing out a book。

 way too much pressure， can't do it。I'd be like， I'd literally be visualizing chapter one starting。

So in this chapter， we're going to discuss how to never run out of things to say and then I put too much pressure on I to run out of things to say way too hard。

So realize， hey， it doesn't matter。It doesnn't matter， it's the least important layer。

 you can mess that one up if out of these four， there's one you can mess up。

 always choose to mess up what you say。And same here in this presentation， guess what。

 there's times where。As maybe it was quiet， there sounds like let me think there's times where I stumble。

 there's times where I say u I guess okay like。There's times for all correct things I say。

doesn't matter as much， probably none of you notice because all this is handled。Okay。

 so remember the four layers。Beyond that， lower the bar for what you have to say。

Realize that that conditioning of having amazing things to say。

Number one is it natural and number two actually comes off as try hard。You'd think， right。

 if say there was a social interaction。And you're like， I really want to say hi to that person。

Say a genie popped up next to you and was like， hey。

 I can grant you the wish of you saying the perfect thing all the time in this interaction。

 would you take it？If the answer is yes， you actually shot yourself in the foot。

Because you go up and say that to that person and what's that person going to think number one。

 this isn't natural。These answers are too good， this is too weird， wait what？And number two， wow。

 this is a little trihar， a little too big。Saying the perfect thing all the time is unnatural and try hard。

Okay。And that's what we do though， we have that bar that's so high we're like is this good enough。

 no， no， oh yes， yes。What do and this is like kind of flip the script。That's what quote unquote。

 low value people do， they have a high bar and they try to impress。

The more value you have the lower the bar。And that's where you look at。

 say cool people or high status people or high valued people in different social settings。

They can say the dumbest things。So if you actually want to be high value。

 lower that bar and make it so wherever you say is good enough。

And now what does that communicate when it's natural right even if you fumble at times， oh。

 this is actually natural， this is human， this is not fake and it's not try hard， it's like wow。

 would someone who's trying very hard right now say this thing that's kind of low on the totem pole of valuable things valuable things to say no。

Oh cool， this person's so cool they can get away with saying that。

So that's what you want to do lower the bar。Number three， enjoy running out of things to say。

If it happens， enjoy it。Because that's a time where you can just surprise yourself。

Don't let it trap you Okay， you can have some。We'll talk about like you can have some go tos where you can。

Have a go to where you just asked some random question right like if it's in a you know more of a romantic meeting someone new setting。

 a go to that I had for many years was why do you love me so much？

I would just say that 50 times in an interaction， like no joke anytime I don't anything think to say。

' like， so by the way， why do you love me so much？And I just keep coming back to that。Okay。

 so you can have that， you can have these little go tos or let yourself be surprised。

Burt out something。When I run out of things to say， I'm like， wow。

 I wonder what I'm going to say next， let's see it's just pure excitement in the moment。

And then one formula that you can apply to a lot of things is embrace exaggerate laugh。

And this helps take a lot of the， you could say power and pressure that something has on you and create some space。

 so say you're running out of things and say you're like I'm running out and say， oh no。

 number one is embrace it。Okay， what if this is good， be like hell yeah。

 I'm running out of things to say， fuck yeah， embrace it。Number two。

 exact so that let's go with the resistance around it because otherwise you feel bad about right now how things to say or stressed out about it and then you feel stressed out about feeling stressed out about it it's just ampl so yes。

 one of things to say number one reaction is fuck yeah。Number two reaction is， let's exaggerate this。

And exaggerate it to a point where you find it genuinely funny and then you laugh and when you laugh at it。

 it lost all its power that it has over you。So say I were to run out things to say， I'm like， who。

You could， for example， by embrace and say， hey， you know what， I ran out of things to say。

I wish I took more notes during Julian's social skills training。

That could be one right exaggerated to a point where you're like。

 this is so ridiculous you find it funny suddenly running out things say lost this power now you're talking about it。

You can also just narrate what's on your mind， realize it's impossible to run out of things to say unless all of you are like。

 you know， never have a thought at all， like when you meditate not a single thought pops up right unless you're the Dalai Lama。

 you all have something to say at all times。RightLike if you don't talk， your mind saying stuff。

 just narrate what your mind saying。You'll always have something to say， even if your mind's like。

 oh my God， I ran have things to say， oh my God ran have things to say。

 tell that to the person or people。Okay， but this formula super key and it links back to what we talked about in terms of value。

 fun carefree passion， right on the good emotions side of things。

And then remember too this is a big one a conversation isn't a one person show right it's not you talking all the time and putting all that pressure on yourself like if anyone had to hold whole interaction which's all on them you're going to run out of things to say many at times right that's just normal so it is normal for sometimes you to stop talking and hey let the other person jump in and you can do that if you run out of things to say。

Just be quiet and look at the person with a smile and what's the frame， what's the intention。

Your turn now。Your turn。And then they'll partake。And then when they were on things to say and it's this full like you you both of you helping each other out versus。

Being， I must impress by never running out of things to say。Okay。

 but these are some of the key points when it comes to this。

