# 朱利安《高频沟通》：6 积累经验：6.3 从经验中学习

When you break down your references， give yourself the truth。What content is this linked to。

 is it also very big？Here， for example， you have the whole。You know， Bible of Cons。

What I would do is if you're out and there's a certain thing that happens， you're like， okay。

 interesting what。Section of content is this you know link to and then go back and revise that content right people are like what content should I watch or consume it's like once you have it all which you now do then it comes down to letting life letting experience letting those references dictate to you what to look up okay this happened that has to do with this section of the content let me go rewatch that。

Right if you don't know the content you won't know how to interpret the references。

 but then the references will give you a deeper interpretation of that content and there's this beautiful synergy between the two so you should always be going from action breakdown content action break content all the time I feel like I have the capacity and I want to try like new things like try something that's pushing my comfort zone something I'm not used to doing something different one of the challenges I've had is how do I select。

Like something new to try like something that wouldn't be sort of normal for me or conventional thing like outside of my regular behavioral patterns。

 how do I choose sort of new things to try？😡，Do it based on your number one sticking point。

So if you write down once more of those three lessons every time right it's like what's the one that pops up the most on a regular basis and then based upon that what would be the action step what would be the thing to tweak oh I keep doing that let me stop doing that oh I forget to do this and she's scared to do that let me do that instead。

So that will dictate it the sticking point， the lesson that pops up the most in your breakdowns。

Dicates the content to consume and the actions to take。Okay。Cool yeah。

 so it's so you so you base it on like like look at the look at the interaction， do the breakdown。

 find the sticking point and then and then just think you know what， if I tried this differently。

 maybe that would helpful so you do it yeah it' so on a micro level it's like so you go out for an hour today you talk to people then you break it down top three interactions right three lessons three things I do differently。

Based upon the lessons and things you basically based upon anything。

 if you can only fix one of those what be the one that would produce the biggest return on investment。

 great。So on a micro level tomorrow。Here's a lesson that stands out the most that's the most important I'm going to work on that one for tomorrow then you do it tomorrow then you break it down to the next day and maybe you didn't do as well as you thought or there's still more to improve you're like you know what the lesson still that same one Great you work on that the next day maybe another lesson pops up that's more important than great I'm going work on that you work on that and then maybe the same one pops up and you take a week so it's micro to medium you could say within a week what was the lesson that popped up the most or the thing to work on Great I'm going work on that in the next week take a month what's the number one macro and then you just keep letting the data letting the experience dictate what to focus on contentwise and action wise。

嗯，搞了。Yeah， yeah， that makes sense。Cool， and then it's really with the analytical side。

 it's really taking that scientist。Logical mindset to things right it's like you have the raw material which is that letting go you're not natural and then it's taking that and looking at the patterns and dissecting and analyzing and tweaking and polishing and it's just very it's a very logical non emotional approach be honest with yourself give yourself that harsh feedback。

But once you extracted the value， collect the winds and replay the winds。

Meaning say you go out and you know there's interactions that didn't go according to plan that's going to happen right you can stand up without falling over and there's value from both so extract the value there but the default for most people is they just keep looping on things that didn't go well that didn't go according to plan they loop on failures right why did I feel what I feel and they replay the version of them that fails。

But you you want to get the data from that， but that's the only value out of failures is just the data you don't want to keep replaying all those failures replay the winds instead。

 so you start moving towards you know becoming one with that。

Version of you the real you who succeeds so for me， for example。

 over all those years any kind of fail quote unquote failure I'd extract the data。

 give it to myself brutally honestly， but then I'd celebrate the action， celebrate the references。

 replay the winds and really start cultivating that upward spiral of you know just really activating your winter effect okay collect the winds only replay the wins。

Realize here too， though， that the more you do something， the more your ego becomes invested in it。

So if you've been going about， say socializing for a certain amount of time and you've been doing it a certain way。

 you are very attached to that。And this is the。Second hardest part is number one。

 people will take action but not analyze their actions so they do the same。

Track number two is people analyze their actions。But then keep doing those same actions。

Because there egos involved for you put your ego aside hey if you get data that starts saying hey the way you're doing this。

 the way you're saying this is in the most optimal drop it and switch it up don't be hooked don't be stubborn don't keep doubling down on doing the same thing again and again and again hoping that maybe this time it'll be different now you get the data switch。

Okay， huge， I've seen people literally be so stubborn that for years they do the same thing again and again。

You go aside。And then do you realize a lot of times in progressing in life and especially socially。

 what got you here won't get you there。Meaning there's going to be things that for a period of time。

 you might be aware of them， you might be doing them。

 you might be saying them and it does really well it really helps you socially。

 but then you start getting data that that's actually the thing that's screw you over。

And that's where you'll have to drop it， even though it might have helped you for years。

What got you here isn't what'll get you there， what determines what will get you there， the data。

 trust the data over your ego。