# 朱利安《高频沟通》：2 情感技能：2.3 锻炼真我

Letting go is how you work on the being directly。You want to start with the being。 Remember。

 and let it bleed into the doing and bleed into the habit。 How do you work on the being， Let go。

 letting go， letting go。Okay， letting go。 and actually。

An external approach that you can add to this to is surrounding yourself with people who have that result in the being。

Being very modest because I've seen it for years， if people spend a lot of time hanging out with me。

And say， their being isn't。Is confident， just by proximity。My being will rub off on their being。Okay。

 now that doesn't get to the cause per se， but you can couple that with letting go。Okay。

 and here once more， realize that 80% of it is simply getting out of your own way。Right。

 and it's funny， too， if we audit our lives， how we are able to be social。

With people we do believe are either in the same league as us or we're outside their league。Right。

 if you talk to someone， you're like， and don't really care whatever。Things just flow。

 But it's with the people。 You're like， actually want to talk to that person。

 I wantt network with that person。 That's where you actually freeze。So you're like。

 why can't I access that with the people I do want to talk to？Okay。

 letting go equals how to be a natural when it comes to social skills。 And anyone who tells you。

That to work on emotional skills， it's not through letting go or that the majority is analytical skills。

 What are they teaching you， They're essentially teaching you how to scam。How to be a social scammer。

 And that's sadly， the majority of advice out there。 Here's three tips to appear more confident。

 Just do this thing。 Don't work on yourself at all。Most advice is just teaching you how to scan。

 how to craft a perfect front， how to be better than you are。

 how to get results that you shouldn't be getting。Because you haven't put in the work。

It all boils down to that old school selfhel saying to get what you want。

 you have to deserve what you want。Now。The approach to working on it。

 because letting go can sound very vague。The first thing to understand is the problem with just be yourself。

You hear this， right What's the best advice， Just be you。Now， that is actually the best advice。It is。

 but here's the problem。Most people don't know who they are。They don't know how to be themselves。

 They aren't in touch with that authentic。No。Right。As I talked about before， if say you're born。

 right， You're here。 What's this world， And you feel like expansive。Things happen。 And you're like。

 oh， I should maybe hold back a little bit。 I should be a little bit more shy。 Who。

 this thing happened。 Ok， I'll be quiet。You craft the front， you cile yourself。

 and you've been living through that for so long。 that you've convinced yourself， that's you。Hey。

 I guess me being fake， right， Hey， if you act fake long enough。

 you will brainwash yourself into thinking that that's you being authentic。

 So then when people hear advice like be yourself， you're like， oh， be the fake me， okay。No。

 so being yourself means be your real self。 Reconnect with that and be that。

And this is also how you can see how this can be misinterpreted and used as an excuse。

 So just be myself。 Okay， well， then I just won't take any action。Right， especially me， right。

 like back in the day， very logical， very analytical。 right， If you do personality tests。

 my personality type is I N TJ， withhole Myers Bririggs。I'm naturally more introverted。

 I'm not the type of person who could usually just like beam like that。 And a lot of that right。

 you could argue and go deeper。 Oh extrovert introverts。

 But the majority of that really came down to my conditioning。And if someone told me， hey， be myself。

 like， I'll be introverted in logical and quiet。 Then It's like， no， no， no。

 What if that's not who I truly am。And this is what you have to ask yourself here is you who you are here today。

 Is this who you truly are as a person， Is this how you were born。

 Is this how you came into this world。And if there's some friction or part of you is like。

 something feels a little bit off about being this version of me， then realize like。

 this is actually me being fake。What you think is you being yourself is not you being yourself。

And this is huge。Okay， and then when it comes down to that saying， right， fake it till you make it。

 it's actually act real until you remember。 you're faking it right now。And this， by the way。

If it clicks， it will not only improve your approach when it comes to bettering your social skills and connecting with people。

 but also help massively even in terms of self help and general self improvement。O。

 the whole problem in the self world is people think who they are at this moment in time。

 before working on themselves， that's them being real。嗯嗯嗯。ok。So realize that。 That's why letting go。

 letting go is like go of everything that's keeping the fakeness alive。

The approach too is away from situational towards core confidence。Okay， audits too in your life。

What you really depend on for situational confidence。A question ask yourself here。

 too is say some magical genie appeared next to you。 It was like， hey， I'll grant you one wish。

 I can give you money。 I can give you looks。 I can give you a lifestyle。 I can give you friends。

 I can give you fame， whatever you want。😊，What would be the one thing you'd wish for that would say affect how confident you feel on a daily basis。

It might not fix everything， but say you could get one wish。

 And the challenge was increase your confidence by as much in terms of percentage as you possibly can。

 What would it be For some people， it'd be money for others， It'd be looks， maybe be friends。Fame。

 better job， passion， you name it。Ait that， audit what really shoves you in your head。

What gets you stifled。As we talked about， it's a process of realizing， not becoming。And。

A key shift in thinking。Is changing whenever you ask yourself， what now。Change that to why。

So for example， this is emotional skills， not analytical skills。

 but when it comes to emotional skills， say you're shy， say you're stifled， say you're in your head。

What most people do is， oh I'm shy。 I'm stifled。 I don't know what to say。 What now。Terrible。Right。

 what is what now？It's this approach。 I'm down here。 What now， what now， what now。Change that to why。

 Oh， I'm stifled。 Why am I stifled。And that shifts your focus away from what now。

 the buildup to compensate to what is the thing that's telling me I'm down here。

What is the thing that makes me stifled right now？And that shifts you to introspecting。

That's a lot of the emotional skills， introspection， learning about yourself。Asking yourself。

 how did I become this fake front that I am here today。What's keeping it alive。

Right back to old school self help。Everyone uses this。 Not sure if Tiney Robbins was the first。

 but someone was。There's the table。And then there's the legs of a table。Right。

What people try to do if you're like， break the table is they try to bang on the table and you can bang as loud as hard as you can。

 It's like nothing really is going to happen。 What's the easiest way， Take out the legs。

That's what we're doing here。 F front。 That's the tabletop。What are all the references。

 What are the experiences， What are the legs keeping it alive。That's why you do the Y。

 Then you're like， oh， that。And it fades away。