# 朱利安《高频沟通》：8 钻石：4、高级社交技能-泰勒：12.3 神气的重要性

There's different levels at which you're representing yourself， which are going to grow with time。

 Okay， so one level of it， you want to think of it like swag。 Okay， so swag。

 where do we get swag from， Where do we get that from， In my opinion， going out。

 That's where we get our swag。 Okay， you don't develop swag sitting by yourself in your bedroom。

 Okay， but then you have other aspects of it， which could be things like intellectual or creating income or things like that。

 And that's something that maybe you create sitting in front of a desk。

And then there's things that are spiritual， which perhaps you create through meditation or through doing charity work or through being very aligned your life vision or。

 you know walking through nature， right there's different。

 you know areas that you're growing there as well， right maybe you're somebody who likes to go to the gym you're getting more in shape。

 whatever that would be for you。 So the main idea being is that you're growing in these different areas and you're coming into your peak and you're prime in these different areas。

 But unfortunately， what a lot of people do is that they'll often the path that I see is that you see you'll see people who。

You know， are operating at a low level。 Then they start going out more and getting more swagger。

 But then what happens is that they start saying I want to meet better quality people。

 So they drop the swag。 big mistake。 Okay you drop the swag and then what happens is that they think that just my you。

 they can connect with somebody intellectually or they connect with somebody spiritually and that's gonna to solve everything。

 And you know what I saw over the many years that I've been doing this both in my own experiences and with others is that you know。

 I would meet somebody or friends of mine would have the same experience where you'd meet somebody who you connect with intellectually and spiritually but you dropped all your swag and then ironically。

 they often wind up dating somebody after you who is literally like some of these people who you'll see them date right after you you will not believe your eyes。

 Like you're like， where did you find this person。 Like I've never even met somebody like they will go find the biggest idiots on the planet。

Chaase and pineover。And this will be somebody who is brilliant， intellectually， spiritually elevated。

 and they will be dating you know， like like a club promoter who is on Molly every night covered in tattoos。

And he's got a lot of swag。And you'll just see this and you're thinking， but how？

This and I like club promoters， by the way， I'm not saying that you have to be， you know。

 your bapers club。 But I'm just making the point like， you know。

 even club promoters know that other club promoters can be like that。

 And so I'm just making I'm I'm like， how did you wind up with this person， I mean。

 I'm not gonna like， like， I'm， I'm。Painfully tempted right now。

 Just full examples on Instagram right now， but I'm not gonna do it to violate people's rising。

 But like I could be like， look at this person。 and you' be like， I wantna marry that person。

 And then you'll be and then I'll be like， and here's whoe they date and you're gonna be like。

 that's impossible。 Like I just， I don't believe you。 Okay。

 I just don't believe I' mean a simple example would be like。

 not that this is my ideal person by any means， but it would be say Kylie Jenner dating Travis Scott。

 that would be like， you know know， she's like a selfmade billionaire dating Travis Scott and go look up Travis Scott。

 I mean epic。 Like he just like， can barely form a sentence。 he's like he's like， yo。

Right like like he's like barely conformance sentence andy's like， I love you right。

 And the reason why is because he's got a ton of swag。 So， you know。

 in the same way that you like somebody who's physically attractive。

 well it' you know you know you want to meet someone who who you're attracted to physically。

 but also somebody who's intellectually elevated and all somebody's spiritual elevated。

 So you got to remember， but you want all three。Don't you。 And then it's kind of sad to say。

 But if you had to pick only one， would you pick right And so in the same way that you know。

 you don't want to just drop your swagger。 you want to think of it like integrate and transcend。

 Okay， it's like Russian dolls In and transcend。 integrate and transcend， integrate and transcend。

 Like I could be meeting somebody that's at a very， very high level。

 And we could be having like this really deep powerful conversation。

 But I'm gonna make sure to still tease。 You know what I'm saying I'm gonna make sure to still tease。

 I'm gonna make sure to still invite them to a party where I'm socially proved。

 I'm gonna still make sure to， you know， be on my grind and do and do things that get them to admire me。

