# 朱利安《高频沟通》：5 聊天过程：5.5 共振

Once you pass hook point number two， it shifts from 9010 to 50，50。So you're going to go up。

 And again， this could happen just a couple seconds in， or it could even happen from the start， 50。

50。Hook points again， number two could happen at any time。But once it passes， then you slow down。

 Then it's okay， we've hooked。All good， let's vibe。

And this is where you enter the viing stage of any conversation。

 This is the phase whether again in all situations right again， friendships， romantically business。

 same thing if you want to meet someone or even start an interaction with someone you already know or have some rapport with。

It's always an open， always hook， and then only then once you pass the hook points。

 do you shift to viing？Okay， and within viing you can then also start talking say a bit more logically about what you want to accomplish so on and so forth。

 but you can say it's in the ocean of the vibe right so even if right now for example say I had a business meeting with someone。

And you know we sit down， I would follow the same steps。

 I would open the same as I would open anyone then joke around different bursts here and there till it hooks or we're like okay we got this then shift to vibing and then get to the talk of the meeting add the more logical business reasons within that vibing pool okay so vibing is simply what happens after you reach the hook point now a big thing here once more is realize that you've hooked。

A lot of people think that they get socially rejected because they haven't hooked when in reality I found the most social rejection happens because someone has hooked but hasn't realized they've hooked。

So it's like you might go up and just off your high， you're already hooked。

 and then you're still trying to showcase your personality and it just comes off as weird and try hard and desperate and then you get rejected。

But if you actually realize you've hooked， oh， awesome。You're good。

 so you do have to realize and it can happen once more very fast more often than not it happens within。

I want to say the first 15 seconds， right， you'll pass both hook points within the first 15 seconds。

It can take longer as we discuss， but that's really the exception， not the majority， assuming。

You got your vibe shit in check， okay， so realize you've hooked。Big。

And then from there it shifts that good 5050 and this is where。You know。

 in my experience comes the best form of an interaction like this is the fun part this is where you can like。

 okay let me chill and let me just enjoy this person and with viing the big sticking points is a lot of people。

 especially if you're somebody who's very logical like myself。

You have to realize that it isn't agendabased right when you're vibing with someone when you're just getting to know someone experiencing someone。

 it's not this logical thing you do right people think， oh okay to vibe。

 what's the next step what do I accomplish when in reality vibing you're just doing it for the sake of vibing what's the goal to just vibe to just experience each other just for the sake of it。

Okay， this is why you'll see sometimes people。Talk about topics that you might not think are very productive and yet they're having to blast why because it's not even about the topic。

 it's just about connecting and experiencing another human being。

Okay and it does bring in this horizontal versus vertical development of an interaction think of horizontal is the more logical you know now we do this now we're talking about this etc。

 etter right so if it was a business meeting sit down open hook right then within the meeting there's going to be these horizontal things that we're going to discuss right okay we're going to discuss this we're going to figure this problem out we're going to do this but while you're moving forward horizontally。

On a more emotional level， there's the vertical side of things and that's the vibe。

So vibing is really this vertical， it's like just doing it for the sake of doing it and while you're doing that from that foundation。

 you can move forward horizontally。Okay， and being able to vibe is also really a sign of being high value as a person and also a sign of good social intelligence。

Because although this sounds very simple， right， hey， just get to， you know。

 chill and get to know the person， it's actually a lot harder than it looks。

It's actually a lot easier to go in with a certain goal in mind and then you're trying to accomplish that goal and then there's the next goal and the next goal because again we're like。

 okay I get it right I know where I'm at I know what the problem is with vibing there is no goal。

Right and it's a lot harder to turn off that goal oriented mind to really be free from the outcome and to really just enjoy the more emotional side of things right where again。

 you could be talking even about a topic you have zero interest in and vibe。

And it just shows that you're someone who's really secure with themselves people who aren't are going to be way too much in their head that they won't be able to vibe right if you're stifled you're going to have trouble vibing if you feel like the person's out of your league you're going to have trouble vibing so if you're actually able to vibe and summon that in an authentic way it's really high value shows wow this person's really secure。

They're really present right now they're not micromanaging they don't have an agenda they're not putting on a front wow this is awesome oh and they get socially that this is will make sense at this point in the conversation。

Extremely high value to be able to vibe and it also means too you don't get too butt hurt or hooked on certain things it's literally if you're just going and are able to vibe。

Golden， the vertical side of things is really what I call little bursts of everything。

so you want to think of this endless loop where you're being funny， you're being serious。

 you're talking loud， you're talking quietly， you're doing it like it's little bursts of every little type of topic or vibe or emotion that you just do on repeat for a longer period of time。

Versus what's next， it's more of this once you've hooked great， you've hooked。

 do more of that versus okay， what's next now？It's more of the same。

 not the same in terms of that one action thing you're doing。

 but more of the same in terms of the vibe and the overarching。

 you could say vibe capsule of the interaction， just keep that going and it little bursts on repeat。

Okay， this here is really the fundamentals when it comes to vibing and holding a conversation vibing shooting the shit。

 getting to know someone experiencing someone talking just for the sake of talking。

 not getting all in your head not like where do I stand in terms of value which is like I'm here in the moment connecting with someone and when this truly。

Is done well。You are in a certain state where time just flies by。

Like there is really no effort like you have to go in this。

Half trance dream like state we just flowing if it's very heavy and you're still in your head。

You won't be able to you this is not something that you can fake and this is also why it's so valuable。

We call these honest signals， things that are really hard to fake。Very hard to fake authentic vibing。

