# 朱利安《高频沟通》：2 情感技能：2.11 如何放下

How to let go。This is done through mindfulness based meditation。Okay， big differences。

Mainstream meditation that you'll hear right， is focus on the now， focus on a mantra。

 focus on the present moment， quiet your mind， so on and so forth。 And it's a good first step。

 but it really promotes a lot of escapism and a lot of。You've been in denial， where， say。You know。

 you don't feel too good。 There's a little voice， you suck， etc cetera， et cetera。

 There's all your problems， all these things pulling you away。 For example， from the present moment。

 What do we do， I'm just gonna focus on the now。And what we do is we focus so long that all that stuff fades away。

If all of you focus on this little spot here。So you lock in on it。

Do you start noticing your surrounding is as much anymore？No， everything kind of fades away。

 If I focus on the now and concentrate， my problems fade away。

 What happens when you stop focusing on this。You're right back in it。 right。

 So that's a lot of mainstream meditations。 People sit down and they do these temporary。

 You could say escape vacations from their problems。It's a running away from approach。

With mindfulness， it's the opposite where its instead of running away from it。

 let's turn and let's dive into it。 Let's focus on these problems。 It's not the what now， It's why。

 let's dive right into the problems and let go of them。

 So there's nothing pulling us away from the present moment to begin with。

It's not something you pursue。 It's something that you attract and realize by letting go。Okay。

 and there are three steps。Number one， be aware of what you want to let go of。

If you aren't aware of it。Nothing's can happen。And that， as we talked about here。

 means you will have to bring up what's buried in your subconscious out of your awareness first。

Then once you're aware of it， allow yourself to experience it fully。And then step number 3。

 let it come up and let it out during the process of mindfulness based meditation。

What you want to be aware of are the different sensations going on inside。Huge。

Meaning before the meditation， think of the stuff， core beliefs， during the meditation。

 what are the sensations， not thoughts， if you focus on thoughts， you engage the thinking mind。

 you're going to think of a million similar thoughts okay， thoughts are endless and self reinforcing。

Not emotions， because you're still engaging the mind when it comes to emotions。 What is an emotion。

 it's the mental label we place on different sensations。Sensations is what happens first。

You can differentiate emotion and sensations by asking yourself。

Can I locate it precisely on the body？Fear， what's fear。 It's vague。Emotions are vague。Oh。

 my heart beating a little faster。 There's a sensation， a little tingling。 There's a sensation。

Sweating， breathing， right， sensations。Heaviness， something in my stomach sensations。

 When all those activate， your mind's like， I'm afraid， fear。So dive into that。

That's when it comes to， be aware of what you want to let go of。

 allowingow yourself to experience it fully。This is really the act of letting go。

 So if we take that split that we talked about， right。

Say we take there's all the stuff you disown there。All this here。Let how to put it。

We think letting go is the act of doing something。 It's the act of taking something and letting it go。

But that's not true。Letting go is the act of not doing。By default right now， all these things here。

 you are resisting them。So remember how we said the problem with the assumption of be yourself。

 we think we're being ourselves， we think right now that if we do nothing， we're doing nothing。No。

 by default， you're doing something， by default right now。

 you're attached to the acceptable you and you're resisting the unacceptable you。

Letting go is all those things you're resisting。Stop resisting them。Nothing's permanent。Those things。

 they will leave on their own if you simply stop resisting them for whatever you resist persists。

So yet， you don't have to do anything。 You just have to stop doing。You just have to experience it。

Allow it to run its course。Which is easier said than done。 It's so simple。

 yet so difficult and hard to do。 Sa for a month right now， you do a cold shower every morning。

However， this is pumped in the mainstream self out， cold showers， however。

 instead of going into the cold shower and fighting against it， tensing up。

 which is what we do are like the cold， okay， on， jumping in， see how relaxed you can be。

Because what's your immediate reflex with sensations of cold？To tense up， to resist。

The same thing will happen with things， for example， that get triggered your reflex。

 because you're used to resisting them as something back down like that versus staying open and relaxed into them。

So if you're able to go into that freezing cold water， that same mechanism of。Open up， relax。

 see if you can relax all your muscles under that cold and you'll probably go back and forth。

 you'll relax and tense up again， relax， but just see how relax that same mechanism， when letting go。

 it's like， oh you get triggered， Re， deep breaths and doing this type of meditation。

 game changer because that's what happens gets triggered。And by just being with it。

 think of it as like a little bit of that charge leaves， a little bit of it leaves。

 and you might have to do it multiple times， and eventually there'll be no more charge。

And what you'll notice is situations where you have that disproportionate response to reality。

 you'll now have a proportionionate response to reality。

The same with past situations or memories you might think of something and immediately， oh。

 you're run by it。You'll cease to be run by it， and it will simply be data information。

If I ask you what you ate for breakfast here， do any of you get triggered？Creal， Oh， no， right。

 You don't。 It just like cereal。 same thing， right。So allowing yourself to experience it fully means。

Not trying to change it， not trying to fix it， not trying to understand it。

 not trying to make sense of it， not trying to get rid of it。Simply being with it。Okay。

 now the process that we're going to be doing here。I'm going to guide you through it。Is。Again。

 a meditation where we're not going to run away from it， we're going to dive into it。

So what you're going to do during this meditation， and I'll explain the logical steps and then guide you through it。

Is number one， you're going to be seated with both feet。Planted， don't cross your legs or anything。

 and you're going to have both palms face down。ok。Back somewhat straight doesn't have to be perfectly straight。

 but basically in a position where you feel pretty grounded， like I can handle whatever comes up。

Okay， and then during the process， but not right now you'll do with your eyes closed because you want all awareness on the inside to what you're feeling。

 you don't want to get sucked into the external here。

Now the first thing I'm going to have you all do。Is I'm going to have you bring your awareness from right up here between your ears right that little voice in your head。

 you're going to move it down your spine all the way to the base of your spine。

You could literally and I'll guide you through this in a minute。

 but you could visualize your nose being down there， your ears being down there。

 you thinking from there， grounded at the base of your spine。The only reason we do this is simply。

To get out of our heads a bit and access the body due to our conditioning。

 most people just stuck here mentally。 They occupy very little space with the body。

 If you're not in touch with the body， you won't be in touch with the sensations and you'll be screwed。

Okay， so first thing we have to do is visualize that and then from the base of your spine。

 we're going to do three breathing cycles to just ground you in that position。

The breath that I like using， but really you can come up with any breath is chronic breathing。

Technique where you inhale through the nose for the count of six。You hold it for three。

 you exhale out the mouth， making a shh sound， and you hold it for three again。So it'll be six。

Hold for three， hold for three。That's one like we're going to do three cycles from the base of your spine。

 So once more， you can visualize your nose down there when we do this。 And when you inhale。

 just imagine you're inhaling from there and then exhale。

 That's just meant to ground you in the body。 if you're familiar on the spiritual level。

 whether you believe in that or not。People who have studied for again thousands of years like chakra。

 so on and so forth， it is said that that position is the root chakra or basic chakra。

 the point in the body where you' the most grounded and connected to physicality So that's simply why we're doing it just to feel more。

Then from that spot。What I'm going to do during this one is guide you through it so I'm going to have you I might ask you questions。

 I might have you think of specific situations and your job is to listen to my voice and you're probably going alternate between the mind and the body and that's fine you might think of a situation or a memory or an answer and throughout your job is okay I thought the situation What are the sensations That's your mantra。

 What are the sensations， What are the sensations How does this。Memory， like texturize in the body。

And then whatever sensations are there， just like with a shower， like don't resist。

 breathe into them and to facilitate this， we're going to do more6，3，6。

 three cycles but this time on the inhale for six instead of doing it from the base of your spine。

I want you to imagine like on the inhale， you're like sinking into these sensations。

 you're letting it all take over and on the exhale。

 it can be beneficial to help visualize them kind of passing through you。Okay。

 but I'll guide you through all of this your job is simply base of your spine， three breaths。

 and then just listen to my voice， don't try to understand or get rid of。

 just feel and open up to and think of it as you're releasing some of the charge that runs you。

